"Journal Article"	"L. A. VanderWeide; S. M. Smith; K. E. Trinkley"	"2015"	"A systematic review of the efficacy of venlafaxine for the treatment of fibromyalgia"	"Journal of clinical pharmacy and therapeutics"	"40"	"1"	"1-6"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25294655"	"10.1111/jcpt.12216"	"fibromyalgia
serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor
venlafaxine
Cyclohexanols/*therapeutic use
Fibromyalgia/*drug therapy
Humans
Serotonin Uptake Inhibitors/*therapeutic use
Treatment Outcome
Venlafaxine Hydrochloride"	"WHAT IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE: Fibromyalgia is a painful disease affecting 1-2% of the United States population. Serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), such as duloxetine and milnacipran, are well studied and frequently used for treating this disorder. However, efficacy data are limited for the SNRI venlafaxine despite its use in nearly a quarter of patients with fibromyalgia. Accordingly, we systematically reviewed the efficacy of venlafaxine for treatment of fibromyalgia. METHODS: PubMed, Web of Science and the Cochrane Database were searched using the terms 'venlafaxine' and 'fibromyalgia'. Results were classified as primary studies or review articles based on abstract review. References of review articles were evaluated to ensure no primary studies evaluating venlafaxine were overlooked. All clinical studies that investigated venlafaxine for the treatment of fibromyalgia were included and graded on strength of evidence. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: Five studies met the inclusion criteria, including 4 open-label cohort studies and 1 randomized, controlled trial. Study durations ranged from 6 weeks to 6 months, and study sizes ranged from 11 to 102 participants. Four of the five published studies reported improvement in at least one outcome. Generally consistent improvements were observed in pain-related outcome measures, including the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (range, 26-29% reduction; n = 2 studies), Visual Analog Scale (range, 36-45% reduction; n = 2 studies), McGill Pain Questionnaire (48% reduction; n = 1 study) and Clinical Global Impression scale (51% had significant score change; n = 1 study). However, the few studies identified were limited by small sample size, inconsistent use of outcomes and methodological concerns. WHAT IS NEW AND CONCLUSION: Studies assessing the efficacy of venlafaxine in the treatment of fibromyalgia to date have been limited by small sample size, inconsistent venlafaxine dosing, lack of placebo control and lack of blinding. In the context of these limitations, venlafaxine appears to be at least modestly effective in treating fibromyalgia. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed to further elucidate the full benefit of venlafaxine."
"Journal Article"	"E. A. Blake; C. M. Carter; B. N. Kashani; M. Kodama; S. Mabuchi; K. Yoshino; K. Matsuo"	"2014"	"Feto-maternal outcomes of pregnancy complicated by ovarian sex-cord stromal tumor: a systematic review of literature"	"European journal of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive biology"	"175"		"1-7"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24439718"	"10.1016/j.ejogrb.2013.12.025"	"Granulosa cell tumor
Ovarian cancer
Pregnancy
Review
Sex-cord stromal tumor
Female
Humans
Ovarian Neoplasms/*mortality/surgery
Pregnancy Complications, Neoplastic/*mortality/surgery
Pregnancy Outcome
Sex Cord-Gonadal Stromal Tumors/*mortality/surgery"	"Sex-cord stromal tumors (SCSTs) are rare ovarian cancers and their behavior during pregnancy is not well understood. To evaluate the maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy complicated by ovarian SCST, a systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed/MEDLINE using entry key words "pregnancy" and each type of ovarian SCST ("sex cord stromal tumor," "granulosa cell tumor," "thecoma," "Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor," or "gynandroblastoma") between 1955 and 2012 that identified 46 cases eligible for the analysis. Clinical characteristics, pregnancy outcome, tumor characteristics, and survival outcomes were evaluated. Serious adverse events were defined as complications related to the SCST that resulted in severe morbidity or mortality for mother, fetus, or both. The most common histology was granulosa cell tumor (22.0%), followed by thecoma (18.6%) and Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor (8.5%). Abdomino-pelvic pain (45.7%), palpable mass (30.4%), and virilization (26.1%) were the three most common symptoms. The majority were stage I (76.1%), tumor size <15cm (64.9%), and underwent unilateral adnexectomy (80.4%). Fetal conservation surgery was seen in 54.3%. Most cases had live births (78.3%) at full term (60.9%). Among cases proceeded expectant delay of delivery (45.7%), most cases resulted in live birth (95.2%) with median expectant interval of 20.7 weeks. Maternal and/or fetal serious adverse events (SAEs) were observed in 41.3% with maternal shock/hemoperitoneum being the most common complication (13.0%). Logistic regression test identified younger age (<30 versus ≥30, 73.3% versus 26.7%, odds ratio [OR] 11.7, 95%CI 1.35-101, p=0.026), large tumor (size ≥15cm versus <15cm, 64.9% versus 35.1%, OR 10.0, 95%CI 1.29-26.2, p=0.004), and advanced-stage (stages II-IV versus I, 76.1% versus 23.9%, OR 5.82, 95%CI 2.05-48.9, p=0.022) as risk factors of increased SAE. Overall survival of patients diagnosed with ovarian SCST during pregnancy was comparable to ovarian SCST not related to pregnancy (5-year rate, stages I and II-IV, 100% and 70.0%, respectively). In conclusion, although the majority of cases resulted in live birth, ovarian SCST-complicated pregnancy falls into the category of high-risk pregnancy. Risk factors for SAE identified in our study will help to guide strategic management of pregnancy complicated by ovarian SCST."
"Journal Article"	"C. A. Papanastasiou; D. G. Kokkinidis; E. K. Oikonomou; V. G. Mantziaris; T. R. Foley; T. D. Karamitsos; S. W. Waldo; E. J. Armstrong"	"2018"	"Pregnancy associated plasma protein-A as a prognostic biomarker of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular events in patients presenting with chest pain: a systematic review"	"Biomarkers : biochemical indicators of exposure, response, and susceptibility to chemicals"	"23"	"1"	"1-9"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29144175"	"10.1080/1354750X.2017.1397194"	"Pregnancy associated plasma protein-A
cardiovascular
chest pain
prognosis
systematic review
Acute Coronary Syndrome/*blood/complications/mortality
Biomarkers/*blood
Cause of Death
Chest Pain/*blood/complications
Female
Humans
Pregnancy-Associated Plasma Protein-A/*analysis
Risk Factors
Survival Rate"	"AIM: Novel biomarkers have been proposed for identification of patients at greater risk of future adverse events among those presenting with chest pain. In this review, we aim to elucidate the ability of pregnancy associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) to predict mortality and other cardiovascular events in this patient population. METHODS: A literature search of the electronic databases Medline, Scopus, Cochrane Library and ClinicalTrials.gov was performed in order to identify studies investigating the utility of PAPP-A to predict mortality and adverse cardiovascular events in patients with chest pain. RESULTS: Eight studies met our inclusion criteria. Five of these studies pertained to patients with confirmed ischemic chest pain, while the rest included patients presenting with chest pain possibly due to acute coronary syndrome, irrespectively of the underlying cause. Although the results for long-term events were inconclusive in both groups of patients, higher PAPP-A concentrations were found to be a significant predictor of short-term adverse events in patients with confirmed ischemic chest pain. CONCLUSIONS: PAPP-A appears to be a potentially useful biomarker for short-term risk stratification of patients presenting with chest pain of ischemic origin. However, there is an eminent need for more standardized clinical studies investigating the prognostic value of this biomarker."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Wells; J. J. Owen; L. W. McCray; L. B. Bishop; T. D. Eells; G. K. Brown; D. Richards; M. E. Thase; J. H. Wright"	"2018"	"Computer-Assisted Cognitive-Behavior Therapy for Depression in Primary Care: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"The primary care companion for CNS disorders"	"20"	"2"	"1-9"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29570963"	"10.4088/PCC.17r02196"	"*Cognitive Behavioral Therapy/methods
Depressive Disorder/*therapy
Humans
*Primary Health Care/methods
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
*Therapy, Computer-Assisted/methods"	"OBJECTIVE: To examine evidence for the effectiveness of computer-assisted cognitive-behavior therapy (CCBT) for depression in primary care and assess the impact of therapist-supported CCBT versus self-guided CCBT. METHODS: A search for randomized studies of CCBT compared to control groups for treating depression in primary care settings was conducted using Ovid MEDLINE, PsycINFO, PubMed, and Scopus. We extracted the following information from the studies that met inclusion criteria: mean depression rating scale scores before and after treatment, number of patients, type of control group and CCBT program, therapist support time and method of support, and treatment completion rate. Meta-analyses compared differences between posttreatment mean scores in each condition, as well as mean scores at follow-up. Study quality and possible bias also were assessed. RESULTS: Eight studies of CCBT for depression in primary care met inclusion criteria. The overall effect size was g = 0.258, indicating a small but significant advantage for CCBT over control conditions. Therapist support was provided in 4 of the 8 studies. The effect size for therapist-supported CCBT was g = 0.372-a moderate effect. However, the effect size for self-guided CCBT was g = 0.038, indicating little effect. CONCLUSIONS: Implementation of therapist-supported CCBT in primary care settings could enhance treatment efficiency, reduce cost, and improve access to effective treatment for depression. However, evidence to date suggests that self-guided CCBT offers no benefits over usual primary care."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Miller; J. Jones; C. B. Anderson; C. L. Christiansen"	"2018"	"Factors influencing participation in physical activity after dysvascular amputation: a qualitative meta-synthesis"	"Disability and rehabilitation"			"1-10"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30261758
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6437000/
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/09638288.2018.1492031?needAccess=true"	"10.1080/09638288.2018.1492031"	"Dysvascular amputation
behavior
chronic disease
physical activity
qualitative meta-synthesis"	"PURPOSE: Identifying factors associated with physical activity after dysvascular lower limb amputation (LLA) could provide targets for improving rehabilitation outcomes. The purpose of this meta-synthesis was to identify modifiable factors that may influence physical activity after LLA, a condition characterized by amputation in the setting of older age, diabetes mellitus (DM), and/or peripheral artery disease (PAD). METHODS: A systematic search of the literature identified qualitative studies exploring the perceptions of physical activity in people with lower limb amputation, older age, DM, or PAD. Qualitative rigor was assessed using the McMaster University's Guidelines for Qualitative Review. Meta-synthesis was undertaken to analyze the findings of included studies. RESULTS: Fourteen studies of variable methodological quality were included for analysis. Three overarching factors that may influence physical activity after LLA emerged: 1) educational experiences and motivation, 2) support and self-efficacy, and 3) special concerns after lower limb amputation (e.g., prosthesis, equipment, and environment). CONCLUSIONS: Physical activity after LLA is influenced by relationships among health understanding, motivation, support, and self-efficacy in the presence of disability. Themes from this meta-synthesis can be used to develop and test behavior-based interventions to improve physical activity after LLA. Implications for rehabilitation Physical activity participation after dysvascular lower limb amputation is complicated by the presence of chronic conditions, severe disability, and unaddressed psychosocial factors. Addressing a patient's self-efficacy, social support, motivation, and understanding during physically focused rehabilitation may improve participation in physical activity after dysvascular lower limb amputation. Rehabilitation professionals can address self-efficacy, motivation, and understanding by using collaborative, empathetic communication strategies known to enhance a patient's sense of support."
"Journal Article"	"K. Dorris; C. Liu; D. Li; T. R. Hummel; X. Wang; J. Perentesis; M.-O. Kim; M. Fouladi"	"2017"	"A comparison of safety and efficacy of cytotoxic versus molecularly targeted drugs in pediatric phase I solid tumor oncology trials"	"Pediatric blood & cancer"	"64"	"3"	"1-11"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27654490
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/pbc.26258"	"10.1002/pbc.26258"	"*developmental therapeutics
*meta-analysis
*oncology
*pediatric
*solid tumors
Antineoplastic Agents/*therapeutic use
Child
*Clinical Trials, Phase I as Topic
Humans
*Molecular Targeted Therapy
Neoplasms/*drug therapy
Prognosis
Safety"	"BACKGROUND: Prior reviews of phase I pediatric oncology trials involving primarily cytotoxic agents have reported objective response rates (ORRs) and toxic death rates of 7.9-9.6% and 0.5%, respectively. These data may not reflect safety and efficacy in phase I trials of molecularly targeted (targeted) drugs. METHODS: A systematic review of pediatric phase I solid tumor trials published in 1990-2013 was performed. The published reports were evaluated for patient characteristics, toxicity information, and response numbers. RESULTS: A total of 143 phase I pediatric clinical trials enrolling 3,896 children involving 53 targeted and 48 cytotoxic drugs were identified. A meta-analysis demonstrated that the ORR is 2.1-fold higher with cytotoxic drugs (0.066 vs. 0.031 per subject; P = 0.007). By contrast, the pooled estimate of the stable disease rate (SDR) is similar for cytotoxic and targeted drugs (0.2 vs. 0.23 per subject; P = 0.27).  The pooled estimate of the dose-limiting toxicity rate is 1.8-fold larger with cytotoxic drugs (0.24 vs. 0.13 per subject; P = 0.0003). The hematologic grade 3-4 (G3/4) toxicity rate is 3.6-fold larger with cytotoxic drugs (0.43 vs. 0.12 per treatment course; P = 0.0001); however, the nonhematologic G3/4 toxicities and toxic deaths occur at similar rates for cytotoxic and targeted drugs. CONCLUSIONS: In phase I pediatric solid tumor trials, ORRs were significantly higher for cytotoxic versus targeted agents. SDRs were similar in targeted and cytotoxic drug trials. Patients treated with cytotoxic agents were more likely to experience hematologic G3/4 toxicities than those patients receiving targeted drugs."
"Journal Article"	"K. L. Tucker; J. P. Sheppard; R. Stevens; H. B. Bosworth; A. Bove; E. P. Bray; K. Earley; J. George; M. Godwin; B. B. Greee; P. Hebert; F. D. R. Hobbs; I. Kantola; S. M. Kerry; A. Leiva; D. J. Magid; J. Mant; K. L. Margolis; B. McKinstry; M. A. McLaughlin; S. Omboni; O. Ogedegbe; G. Parati; N. Qamar; B. P. Tabaei; J. Varis; W. J. Verberk; B. J. Wakefield; R. J. McManus"	"2017"	"Self-monitoring of blood pressure in hypertension: A systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis"	"Plos Medicine"	"14"	"9"	"1-29"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000411970300009"	"10.1371/journal.pmed.1002389"	"randomized controlled-trial
masked hypertension
cost-effectiveness
management
intervention
urban
adherence
community
disease
care
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background Self-monitoring of blood pressure (BP) appears to reduce BP in hypertension but important questions remain regarding effective implementation and which groups may benefit most. This individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis was performed to better understand the effectiveness of BP self-monitoring to lower BP and control hypertension. Methods and findings Medline, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched for randomised trials comparing self-monitoring to no self-monitoring in hypertensive patients (9June 2016). Two reviewers independently assessed articles for eligibility and the authors of eligible trials were approached requesting IPD. Of 2,846 articles in the initial search, 36 were eligible. IPD were provided from 25 trials, including 1 unpublished study. Data for the primary outcomes-change in mean clinic or ambulatory BP and proportion controlled below target at 12 months-were available from 15/19 possible studies (97,138/8,292 [86%] of randomised participants). Overall, self-monitoring was associated with reduced clinic systolic blood pressure (9sBP) compared to usual care at 12 months (-3.2 mmHg, [95% CI -4.9, -1.6 mmHg]). However, this effect was strongly influenced by the intensity of co-intervention ranging from no effect with self-monitoring alone (-1.0 mmHg [-3.3, 1.2]), to a 6.1 mmHg (-9.0, -3.2) reduction when monitoring was combined with intensive support. Self-monitoring was most effective in those with fewer antihypertensive medications and higher baseline sBP up to 170 mmHg. No differences in efficacy were seen by sex or by most comorbidities. Ambulatory BP data at 12 months were available from 4 trials (91,478 patients), which assessed selfmonitoring with little or no co-intervention. There was no association between self-monitoring and either lower clinic or ambulatory sBP in this group (9clinic -0.2 mmHg [-2.2, 1.8]; ambulatory 1.1 mmHg [-0.3, 2.5]). Results for diastolic blood pressure (9dBP) were similar. The main limitation of this work was that significant heterogeneity remained. This was at least in part due to different inclusion criteria, self-monitoring regimes, and target BPs in included studies. Conclusions Self-monitoring alone is not associated with lower BP or better control, but in conjunction with co-interventions (9including systematic medication titration by doctors, pharmacists, or patients; education; or lifestyle counselling) leads to clinically significant BP reduction which persists for at least 12 months. The implementation of self-monitoring in hypertension should be accompanied by such co-interventions."
"Journal Article"	"C. H. Allen; B. M. Kluger; I. Buard"	"2017"	"Safety of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Children: A Systematic Review of the Literature"	"Pediatric neurology"	"68"		"3-17"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28216033
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5346461/"	"10.1016/j.pediatrneurol.2016.12.009"	"*adverse
*neurostimulation
*pediatric
*seizure
*transcranial
Central Nervous System Diseases/epidemiology/therapy
Child
Humans
Patient Safety
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation/*adverse effects/statistics & numerical data"	"BACKGROUND: Data and best practice recommendations for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) use in adults are largely available. Although there are fewer data in pediatric populations and no published guidelines, its practice in children continues to grow. METHODS: We performed a literature search through PubMed to review all TMS studies from 1985 to 2016 involving children and documented any adverse events. Crude risks were calculated per session. RESULTS: Following data screening we identified 42 single-pulse and/or paired-pulse TMS studies involving 639 healthy children, 482 children with central nervous system disorders, and 84 children with epilepsy. Adverse events occurred at rates of 3.42%, 5.97%, and 4.55% respective to population and number of sessions. We also report 23 repetitive TMS studies involving 230 central nervous system and 24 children with epilepsy with adverse event rates of 3.78% and 0.0%, respectively. We finally identified three theta-burst stimulation studies involving 90 healthy children, 40 children with central nervous system disorder, and no epileptic children, with adverse event rates of 9.78% and 10.11%, respectively. Three seizures were found to have occurred in central nervous system disorder individuals during repetitive TMS, with a risk of 0.14% per session. There was no significant difference in frequency of adverse events by group (P = 0.988) or modality (P = 0.928). CONCLUSIONS: Available data suggest that risk from TMS/theta-burst stimulation in children is similar to adults. We recommend that TMS users in this population follow the most recent adult safety guidelines until sufficient data are available for pediatric specific guidelines. We also encourage continued surveillance through surveys and assessments on a session basis."
"Journal Article"	"M. A. Hirsch; E. E. H. van Wegen; M. A. Newman; P. C. Heyn"	"2018"	"Exercise-induced increase in brain-derived neurotrophic factor in human Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Translational neurodegeneration"	"7"		"7-19"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29568518
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5859548/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5859548/pdf/40035_2018_Article_112.pdf"	"10.1186/s40035-018-0112-1"	"Brain derived neurotrophic factor
Exercise
Parkinson’s disease
Rehabilitation
Systematic review"	"BACKGROUND: Animal models of exercise and Parkinson's disease (PD) have found that the physiologic use of exercise may interact with the neurodegenerative disease process, likely mediated by brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). No reviews so far have assessed the methodologic quality of available intervention studies or have bundled the effect sizes of individual studies on exercise-induced effects on BDNF blood levels in human PD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, PsycINFO and PubMed from inception to June 2017. RESULTS: Data aggregated from two randomized controlled trials and four pre-experimental studies with a total of 100 ambulatory patients with idiopathic PD (Hoehn/Yahr ≤3) found improvements in BDNF blood concentration levels in all 6 studies (two RCTs and 4 pre-experimental studies). Pooled BDNF level change scores from the 2 RCTs resulted in a significant homogeneous summary effect size (Standardized Mean Difference 2.06, 95% CI 1.36 to 2.76), and a significant heterogeneous SES for the motor part of the UPDRS-III examination (MD -5.53, 95% CI -10.42 to -0.64). Clinical improvements were noted in all studies using a variety of outcome measures. LIMITATIONS: The evidence-base consists primarily of small studies with low to moderate methodological quality. CONCLUSIONS: This review provides preliminary evidence for the effectiveness of physical exercise treatments for persons with PD on BDNF blood levels. Further research is needed."
"Journal Article"	"A. Noshchenko; E. M. Lindley; E. L. Burger; C. M. J. Cain; V. V. Patel"	"2016"	"What Is the Clinical Relevance of Radiographic Nonunion After Single-Level Lumbar Interbody Arthrodesis in Degenerative Disc Disease? A Meta-Analysis of the YODA Project Database"	"Spine"	"41"	"1"	"9-17"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000368509600005"	"10.1097/brs.0000000000001113"	"lumbar arthrodesis
meta-analysis
patient-centered clinical outcomes
radiographic fusion
YODA
bone morphogenetic protein-2
spine fusion
long-term
outcomes
spondylolisthesis
metaanalysis
guidelines
rhbmp-2
cages
Neurosciences & Neurology
Orthopedics"	"Study Design.Meta-analysis of 4 randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs).Objective.The aim of the study was to determine if patients with degenerative disc disease who achieve radiographic fusion after single-level lumbar interbody arthrodesis have better clinical outcomes than patients with radiographic pseudarthrosis at 12 and 24 months postoperative.Summary of Background Data.The clinical relevance of successful fusion after lumbar arthrodesis with recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 or iliac crest bone autograft has recently been questioned in the literature.Methods.Individual patient-level data of 4 RCTs were obtained from the Yale University Open Data Access Project project and analyzed. Clinical outcomes (Oswestry Disability Index [ODI]; Numeric Rating Scales [NRSs] for back and leg pain) were compared between patients with radiographically confirmed fusion and those with radiographic nonunion 1 and 2 years postoperative. The results of each study were first analyzed separately, and then were pooled by meta-analysis. The GRADE approach was applied to evaluate the level of evidence.Results.A total of 496 patients with clinical and radiographic data at 1- and 2-year follow-ups were identified. Of these, 5.5% (95% confidence interval: 3.7; 8.3) had radiographic nonunion which did not require reoperation. Patients with fusion had better improvements in ODI (P<0.001) and NRS back pain scores (P<0.001). The overall percentage of fused patients with ODI and NRS back pain scores that exceeded the criteria for minimal clinically important differences was also significantly higher than that of patients with nonunion (ODI, odds ratio [OR]=2.7, P=0.019; NRS back pain, OR=3.5, P=0.033). The predictive values of fusion for clinical outcomes, however, were poor, with low specificity and low negative predictive values.Conclusion.The presence of radiographic fusion is clinically significant, as patients with fusion had better clinical outcomes at 1 and 2 years postoperative than those with nonunion; however, patient-centered clinical outcomes should also be taken into consideration as independent, complimentary variables when assessing treatment success.Level of Evidence: 1"
"Journal Article"	"S. K. Holden; W. E. Jones; K. A. Baker; I. M. Boersma; B. M. Kluger"	"2016"	"Outcome measures for Parkinson's disease dementia: a systematic review"	"Movement disorders clinical practice"	"3"	"1"	"9-18"	"John Wiley and Sons Inc."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26998505
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4792517/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4792517/pdf/MDC3-3-9.pdf"	"10.1002/mdc3.12225"	"Parkinson’s disease dementia
clinical trials
outcome measures"	"BACKGROUND: Parkinson's disease dementia (PDD) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in Parkinson's disease (PD), which severely affects patient functioning and quality of life and increases the risk for nursing home admission. Unfortunately, current treatment options for PDD are limited and have only marginal therapeutic effects. As novel treatments are developed, there will be a need to assess their efficacy in well-designed randomized controlled trials. However, there is no consensus on the optimal outcome measures for use in PDD clinical trials. METHODS: A systematic review of PDD clinical trials and empiric studies of outcome measures used in PDD was performed. Outcome measures were divided into five categories: 1) cognitive; 2) behavioral and mood; 3) activities of daily living and quality of life; 4) global; and 5) caregiver burden. FINDINGS: A total of 20 PDD pharmacologic clinical trials were identified. These trials incorporated a broad array of outcome measures, which were used inconsistently across trials. We summarize the psychometric properties and other relevant data on outcome measures used, including their diagnostic utility, inter-rater reliability, test-retest reliability, responsiveness, clinically meaningful change, and availability of alternate forms. CONCLUSIONS: We have identified the best-evidenced PDD outcome measures in each domain. Further research is needed to assess the validity, reliability, and clinically meaningful change of these measures in PDD to inform the design of future clinical trials and enhance the ability of clinicians, researchers and policy-makers to interpret study results. In addition, the development of outcome measures specific to PDD may be warranted."
"Journal Article"	"C. Nieder; A. L. Grosu; L. E. Gaspar"	"2014"	"Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) for brain metastases: a systematic review"	"Radiation Oncology"	"9"		"9-18"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000339592700002"	"10.1186/1748-717x-9-155"	"Brain metastases
Radiation treatment
Radiotherapy
Stereotactic
radiosurgery
recursive partitioning analysis
gamma-knife radiosurgery
radiation-therapy
prognostic-factors
surgical resection
cerebral
metastases
salvage radiosurgery
american society
supportive care
follow-up
Oncology
Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging"	"In many patients with brain metastases, the primary therapeutic aim is symptom palliation and maintenance of neurologic function, but in a subgroup, long-term survival is possible. Local control in the brain, and absent or controlled extracranial sites of disease are prerequisites for favorable survival. Stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) is a focal, highly precise treatment option with a long track record. Its clinical development and implementation by several pioneering institutions eventually rendered possible cooperative group randomized trials. A systematic review of those studies and other landmark studies was undertaken. Most clinicians are aware of the potential benefits of SRS such as a short treatment time, a high probability of treated-lesion control and, when adhering to typical dose/volume recommendations, a low normal tissue complication probability. However, SRS as sole first-line treatment carries a risk of failure in non-treated brain regions, which has resulted in controversy around when to add whole-brain radiotherapy (WBRT). SRS might also be prescribed as salvage treatment in patients relapsing despite previous SRS and/or WBRT. An optimal balance between intracranial control and side effects requires continued research efforts."
"Journal Article"	"J. Ayieko; L. Abuogi; B. Simchowitz; E. A. Bukusi; A. H. Smith; A. Reingold"	"2014"	"Efficacy of isoniazid prophylactic therapy in prevention of tuberculosis in children: a meta-analysis"	"Bmc Infectious Diseases"	"14"		"10-20"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000332625500003
https://bmcinfectdis.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/1471-2334-14-91"	"10.1186/1471-2334-14-91"	"Tuberculosis
Isoniazid
Prophylaxis
Meta-analysis
Efficacy
Children
hiv
household
chemoprophylaxis
morbidity
trial
bias
Infectious Diseases"	"Background: Children are highly susceptible to tuberculosis; thus, there is need for safe and effective preventive interventions. Our objective was to evaluate the efficacy of isoniazid in prevention of tuberculosis morbidity and mortality in children aged 15 years or younger by performing a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. To our knowledge, this is the first meta-analysis evaluating efficacy of isoniazid prophylaxis in prevention of tuberculosis in children. Methods: A systematic search of the literature was done to identify randomized controlled trials evaluating isoniazid prophylaxis efficacy among children. Each study was evaluated for relevance and validity for inclusion in the analysis. Subgroup analyses were conducted based on study quality, HIV status, tuberculosis endemicity, type of prophylaxis and age of participants. Results: Eight studies comprising 10,320 participants were included in this analysis. Upon combining data from all eight studies, isoniazid prophylaxis was found to be efficacious in preventing development of tuberculosis, with a pooled RR of 0.65 (95% CI 0.47, 0.89) p = 0.004, with confidence intervals adjusted for heterogeneity. Among the sub-group analyses conducted, only age of the participants yielded dramatic differences in the summary estimate of efficacy, suggesting that age might be an effect modifier of the efficacy of isoniazid among children, with no effect realised in children initiating isoniazid at four months of age or earlier and an effect being present in older children. Excluding studies in which isoniazid was initiated at four months of age or earlier yielded an even stronger effect (RR = 0.41 (95% CI 0.31, 0.55) p < 0.001). Data on the effect of isoniazid on all-cause mortality, excluding studies in which isoniazid was initiated in infants, yielded an imprecise estimate of mortality benefit (RR = 0.58 (95% CI 0.31, 1.09) p = 0.092). Conclusion: Isoniazid prophylaxis reduces the risk of developing tuberculosis by 59% among children aged 15 years or younger excluding children initiated during early infancy for primary prophylaxis (RR = 0.41, 95% CI 0.31, 0.55 p < 0.001). However, further studies are needed to assess effects on mortality and to determine prophylaxis effectiveness in very young children and among HIV-infected children."
"Journal Article"	"G. Seda; M. M. Sanchez-Ortuno; C. H. Welsh; A. C. Halbower; J. D. Edinger"	"2015"	"Comparative meta-analysis of prazosin and imagery rehearsal therapy for nightmare frequency, sleep quality, and posttraumatic stress"	"Journal of clinical sleep medicine : JCSM : official publication of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine"	"11"	"1"	"11-22"	"American Academy of Sleep Medicine"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25325592
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4265653/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4265653/pdf/jcsm.11.1.11.pdf"	"10.5664/jcsm.4354"	"cognitive behavior therapy
imagery rehearsal therapy
insomnia
nightmares
posttraumatic stress disorder
prazosin
Adrenergic alpha-1 Receptor Antagonists/therapeutic use
Dreams/*drug effects/psychology
Female
Humans
Imagery (Psychotherapy)/*methods
Male
Prazosin/*therapeutic use
Sleep Wake Disorders/complications/drug therapy/*therapy
Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/complications/psychology/*therapy
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"STUDY OBJECTIVE: In this meta-analysis, we compare the short-term efficacy of prazosin vs. IRT on nightmares, sleep quality, and posttraumatic stress symptoms (PTSS). METHODS: Reference databases were searched for randomized controlled trials using IRT or prazosin for nightmares, sleep disturbance, and/or PTSS. Effect sizes were calculated by subtracting the mean posttest score in the control group from the mean posttest score in the treatment group, and dividing the result by the pooled standard deviation of both groups. Mixed effects models were performed to evaluate effects of treatment characteristics, as well as sample characteristics (veteran vs. civilian) on treatment efficacy. RESULTS: Four studies used prazosin, 10 used IRT alone or in combination with another psychological treatment, and 1 included a group receiving prazosin and another group receiving IRT. Overall effect sizes of both treatments were of moderate magnitude for nightmare frequency, sleep quality, and PTSS (p < 0.01). Effect size was not significantly different with type of treatment (psychological vs. pharmacological) on nightmare frequency (p = 0.79), sleep quality (p = 0.65), or PTSS, (p = 0.52). IRT combined with CBT for insomnia showed more improvement in sleep quality compared to prazosin (p = 0.03), IRT alone (p = 0.03), or IRT combined with another psychological intervention, (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Although IRT interventions and prazosin yield comparable acute effects for the treatment of nightmares, adding CBT for insomnia to IRT seems to enhance treatment outcomes pertaining to sleep quality and PTSS. More randomized clinical trials with long-term follow-up are warranted. COMMENTARY: A commentary on this article appears in this issue on page 9."
"Journal Article"	"B. Reeder; K. Whitehouse"	"2015"	"Sensor-Based Detection of Gait Speed in Older Adults An Integrative Review"	"Research in Gerontological Nursing"	"8"	"1"	"11-26"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000353349700003"	"10.3928/19404921-20141120-02"	"mobility-related activities
quality-of-life
monitoring mobility
spatiotemporal parameters
health informatics
physical-activity
wearable systems
randomized-trial
public-health
smart homes
Nursing"	"Gait speed is an indicator of functional change in older adults. One approach to support older adults' preferences to "age in place" is through the use of technology to monitor gait speed in everyday life. The authors of the current article conducted an integrative review of the scientific literature to summarize the current state of gait speed detection technologies. A total of 539 articles were returned from searches, and 16 were included in the review. Technologies were categorized as body-worn or home-installed sensors. Evidence was classified as emerging (n = 8) or promising (n = 8). Gait speed technology research has advanced beyond the use of customized research hardware prototypes, and consumer technologies are now commonly used in gait speed research. However, a need exists for software systems that integrate data for analysis and presentation to stakeholders with different information needs. Future research should focus on approaches to integrate disparate data sources and visualizations of gait speed data."
"Journal Article"	"S. F. Shaitelman; B. Amendola; A. Khan; S. Beriwal; R. Rabinovitch; D. J. Demanes; L. H. Kim; L. Cuttino"	"2017"	"American Brachytherapy Society Task Group Report: Long-term control and toxicity with brachytherapy for localized breast cancer"	"Brachytherapy"	"16"	"1"	"13-21"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27288156"	"10.1016/j.brachy.2016.04.392"	"*Brachytherapy
*Breast cancer
*Interstitial catheter
*Toxicity
Advisory Committees
Brachytherapy/adverse effects/*methods
Breast Neoplasms/*radiotherapy
Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast/*radiotherapy
Fat Necrosis/etiology
Female
Humans
*Mastectomy, Segmental
Patient Selection
Radiation Oncology
Radiotherapy, Adjuvant/adverse effects/methods
Societies, Medical
Treatment Outcome
United States"	"PURPOSE: There has been significant controversy regarding the equivalency of accelerated partial breast irradiation to whole-breast irradiation. With the recent publication of a large, randomized trial comparing these two treatment modalities, an update on the current state of knowledge of brachytherapy-based accelerated partial breast irradiation, with respect to local control and toxicities, would be useful to practitioners and patients. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A systematic literature review was conducted examining articles published between January 2000 and April 2016 on the topics "brachytherapy" and "breast." A total of 67 articles met inclusion criteria, providing outcomes on local tumor control and/or toxicity for breast brachytherapy. RESULTS: Reported 5-year local failure rates were 1.4-6.1% for multicatheter interstitial brachytherapy (MIB) and 0-5.7% for single-entry brachytherapy catheters when delivered to patients with standard selection criteria. Toxicity profiles are acceptable, with cosmetic outcomes comparable to whole-breast irradiation. The reported rates of infection were 0-12%. Symptomatic fat necrosis was found in 0-12% and 0-3.2% of patients treated with MIB and single-entry brachytherapy catheters, respectively. Late Grade ≥3 telangiectasias and fibrosis were reported in 0-8% and 0-9.1% of patients treated with MIB, respectively. These side effects were less common with single-entry brachytherapy catheters (0-2.0% and 0%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Breast brachytherapy is a treatment technique that provides acceptable rates of local control in select patients, as demonstrated by Level I evidence. The side effect profile of this treatment is well documented and should be shared with patients when considering this treatment modality."
"Journal Article"	"C. Escoffery; K. C. Rodgers; M. C. Kegler; R. Haardorfer; D. H. Howard; S. Liang; E. Pinsker; K. B. Roland; J. D. Allen; M. G. Ory; R. Bastani; M. E. Fernandez; B. C. Risendal; T. L. Byrd; G. D. Coronado"	"2014"	"A systematic review of special events to promote breast, cervical and colorectal cancer screening in the United States"	"Bmc Public Health"	"14"		"13-26"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000335351900001"	"10.1186/1471-2458-14-274"	"Cancer screening
Early detection of cancer
Health promotion
Community
health education
Breast neoplasms
Cervical neoplasms
Colorectal
neoplasms
client-directed interventions
services task-force
preventive services
health fairs
risk-factors
nation
access
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health"	"Background: Special events are common community-based strategies for health promotion. This paper presents findings from a systematic literature review on the impact of special events to promote breast, cervical or colorectal cancer education and screening. Methods: Articles in English that focused on special events involving breast, cervical, and/or colorectal cancer conducted in the U. S. and published between January 1990 and December 2011 were identified from seven databases: Ovid, Web of Science, CINAHL, PsycINFO, Sociological Abstract, Cochrane Libraries, and EconLit. Study inclusion and data extraction were independently validated by two researchers. Results: Of the 20 articles selected for screening out of 1,409, ten articles on special events reported outcome data. Five types of special events were found: health fairs, parties, cultural events, special days, and plays. Many focused on breast cancer only, or in combination with other cancers. Reach ranged from 50-1732 participants. All special events used at least one evidence-based strategy suggested by the Community Guide to Preventive Services, such as small media, one-on-one education, and reducing structural barriers. For cancer screening as an outcome of the events, mammography screening rates ranged from 4.8% to 88%, Pap testing was 3.9%, and clinical breast exams ranged from 9.1% to 100%. For colorectal screening, FOBT ranged from 29.4% to 76%, and sigmoidoscopy was 100% at one event. Outcome measures included intentions to get screened, scheduled appointments, uptake of clinical exams, and participation in cancer screening. Conclusions: Special events found in the review varied and used evidence-based strategies. Screening data suggest that some special events can lead to increases in cancer screening, especially if they provide onsite screening services. However, there is insufficient evidence to demonstrate that special events are effective in increasing cancer screening. The heterogeneity of populations served, event activities, outcome variables assessed, and the reliance on self- report to measure screening limit conclusions. This study highlights the need for further research to determine the effectiveness of special events to increase cancer screening."
"Journal Article"	"K. Horodyska; A. Luszczynska; M. van den Berg; M. Hendriksen; G. Roos; I. De Bourdeaudhuij; J. Brug"	"2015"	"Good practice characteristics of diet and physical activity interventions and policies: an umbrella review"	"Bmc Public Health"	"15"		"16-37"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000349415300003
https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/track/pdf/10.1186/s12889-015-1354-9"	"10.1186/s12889-015-1354-9"	"Physical activity
Sedentary behavior
Diet
Good practice
Intervention
Policy
Systematic review
health behavior-change
obesity prevention interventions
school-based
interventions
life-style interventions
childhood obesity
weight-gain
body-weight
sedentary behaviors
systematic reviews
cancer prevention
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health"	"Background: This umbrella review aimed at eliciting good practice characteristics of interventions and policies aiming at healthy diet, increasing physical activity, and lowering sedentary behaviors. Applying the World Health Organization's framework, we sought for 3 types of characteristics, reflecting: (1) main intervention/policy characteristics, referring to the design, targets, and participants, (2) monitoring and evaluation processes, and (3) implementation issues. This investigation was undertaken by the DEDPIAC Knowledge Hub (the Knowledge Hub on the DEterminants of DIet and Physical ACtivity), which is an action of the European Union's joint programming initiative. Methods: A systematic review of reviews and stakeholder documents was conducted. Data from 7 databases was analyzed (99 documents met inclusion criteria). Additionally, resources of 7 major stakeholders (e. g., World Health Organization) were systematically searched (10 documents met inclusion criteria). Overall, the review yielded 74 systematic reviews, 16 position review papers, and 19 stakeholders' documents. Across characteristics, 25% were supported by = 4 systematic reviews. Further, 25% characteristics were supported by = 3 stakeholders' documents. If identified characteristics were included in at least 4 systematic reviews or at least 3 stakeholders' documents, these good practice characteristics were classified as relevant. Results: We derived a list of 149 potential good practice characteristics, of which 53 were classified as relevant. The main characteristics of intervention/policy (n = 18) fell into 6 categories: the use of theory, participants, target behavior, content development/management, multidimensionality, practitioners/settings. Monitoring and evaluation characteristics (n = 18) were grouped into 6 categories: costs/funding, outcomes, evaluation of effects, time/effect size, reach, the evaluation of participation and generalizability, active components/underlying processes. Implementation characteristics (n = 17) were grouped into eight categories: participation processes, training for practitioners, the use/integration of existing resources, feasibility, maintenance/sustainability, implementation partnerships, implementation consistency/adaptation processes, transferability. Conclusions: The use of the proposed list of 53 good practice characteristics may foster further development of health promotion sciences, as it would allow for identification of success vectors in the domains of main characteristics of interventions/policies, their implementation, evaluation and monitoring processes."
"Journal Article"	"P. Dilokthornsakul; N. Chaiyakunapruk; J. D. Campbell"	"2017"	"Does the use of efficacy or effectiveness evidence in cost-effectiveness analysis matter?"	"The Journal of asthma : official journal of the Association for the Care of Asthma"	"54"	"1"	"17-23"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27284904
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/02770903.2016.1193601?needAccess=true"	"10.1080/02770903.2016.1193601"	"*Asthma
*cost-effectiveness analysis
*effectiveness
*efficacy
Anti-Asthmatic Agents/*economics/*therapeutic use
Asthma/*drug therapy
Cost-Benefit Analysis/*methods
Humans
Logistic Models
Models, Econometric
Odds Ratio"	"OBJECTIVE: To test the association of clinical evidence type, efficacy-based or effectiveness-based ("E"), versus whether or not asthma interventions' cost-effectiveness findings are favorable. DATA SOURCES: We conducted a systematic review of PubMed, EMBASE, Tufts CEA registry, Cochrane CENTRAL, and the UK National Health Services Economic Evaluation Database from 2009 to 2014. STUDY SELECTION: All cost-effectiveness studies evaluating asthma medication(s) were included. Clinical evidence type, "E," was classified as efficacy-based if the evidence was from an explanatory randomized controlled trial(s) or meta-analysis, while evidence from pragmatic trial(s) or observational study(s) was classified as effectiveness-based. We defined three times the World Health Organization cost-effectiveness willingness-to-pay (WTP) threshold or less as a favorable cost-effectiveness finding. Logistic regression tested the likelihood of favorable versus unfavorable cost-effectiveness findings against the type of "E." RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: 25 cost-effectiveness studies were included. Ten (40.0%) studies were effectiveness-based, yet 15 (60.0%) studies were efficacy-based. Of 17 studies using endpoints that could be compared to WTP threshold, 7 out of 8 (87.5%) effectiveness-based studies yielded favorable cost-effectiveness results, whereas 4 out of 9 (44.4%) efficacy-based studies yielded favorable cost-effectiveness results. The adjusted odds ratio was 15.12 (95% confidence interval; 0.59 to 388.75) for effectiveness-based versus efficacy-based achieving favorable cost-effectiveness findings. More asthma cost-effectiveness studies used efficacy-based evidence. Studies using effectiveness-based evidence trended toward being more likely to disseminate favorable cost-effective findings than those using efficacy. Health policy decision makers should pay attention to the type of clinical evidence used in cost-effectiveness studies for accurate interpretation and application."
"Journal Article"	"P. E. Wischmeyer; R. Dhaliwal; M. McCall; T. R. Ziegler; D. K. Heyland"	"2014"	"Parenteral glutamine supplementation in critical illness: a systematic review"	"Critical Care"	"18"	"2"	"17-34"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000339627400094"	"10.1186/cc13836"	"intensive-care-unit
ill patients
double-blind
infectious morbidity
acute-pancreatitis
randomized-trial
clinical-trials
trauma patients
immune-system
nutrition
General & Internal Medicine"	"Introduction: The potential benefit of parenteral glutamine (GLN) supplementation has been one of the most commonly studied nutritional interventions in the critical care setting. The aim of this systematic review was to incorporate recent trials of traditional parenteral GLN supplementation in critical illness with previously existing data. Methods: All randomized controlled trials of parenterally administered GLN in critically ill patients conducted from 1997 to 2013 were identified. Studies of enteral GLN only or combined enteral/parenteral GLN were excluded. Methodological quality of studies was scored and data was abstracted by independent reviewers. Results: A total of 26 studies involving 2,484 patients examining only parenteral GLN supplementation of nutrition support were identified in ICU patients. Parenteral GLN supplementation was associated with a trend towards a reduction of overall mortality (relative risk (RR) 0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75, 1.03, P = 0.10) and a significant reduction in hospital mortality (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.51, 0.90, P = 0.008). In addition, parenteral GLN was associated with a strong trend towards a reduction in infectious complications (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.73, 1.02, P = 0.09) and ICU length of stay (LOS) (WMD -1.91, (95% CI -4.10, 0.28, P = 0.09) and significant reduction in hospital LOS (WMD -2.56, 95% CI -4.71, -0.42, P = 0.02). In the subset of studies examining patients receiving parenteral nutrition (PN), parenteral GLN supplementation was associated with a trend towards reduced overall mortality (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.71, 1.01, P = 0.07). Conclusions: Parenteral GLN supplementation given in conjunction with nutrition support continues to be associated with a significant reduction in hospital mortality and hospital LOS. Parenteral GLN supplementation as a component of nutrition support should continue to be considered to improve outcomes in critically ill patients."
"Journal Article"	"A. S. Neto; N. P. Juffermans; S. N. T. Hemmes; C. S. V. Barbas; M. Beiderlinden; M. Biehl; A. Fernandez-Bustamante; E. Futier; O. Gajic; S. Jaber; A. Kozian; M. Licker; W. Q. Lin; S. G. Memtsoudis; D. R. Miranda; P. Moine; D. Paparella; M. Ranieri; F. Scavonetto; T. Schilling; G. Selmo; P. Severgnini; J. Sprung; S. Sundar; D. Talmor; T. Treschan; C. Unzueta; T. N. Weingarten; E. K. Wolthuis; H. Wrigge; M. G. de Abreu; P. Pelosi; M. J. Schultz; P. N. Investigators"	"2018"	"Interaction between peri-operative blood transfusion, tidal volume, airway pressure and postoperative ARDS: an individual patient data meta-analysis"	"Annals of Translational Medicine"	"6"	"2"	"20"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000423443000014
http://atm.amegroups.com/article/view/18167/18474"	"10.21037/atm.2018.01.16"	"Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)
surgery
transfusion
tidal
volume
ventilator-associated lung injury
acute lung injury
respiratory-distress-syndrome
fresh-frozen plasma
mechanical ventilation
protective ventilation
general-anesthesia
cardiac-surgery
critically-ill
abdominal-surgery
inflammatory
responses
Oncology
Research & Experimental Medicine"	"Background: Transfusion of blood products and mechanical ventilation with injurious settings are considered risk factors for postoperative lung injury in surgical Patients. Methods: A systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis was done to determine the independent effects of peri-operative transfusion of blood products, intra-operative tidal volume and airway pressure in adult patients undergoing mechanical ventilation for general surgery, as well as their interactions on the occurrence of postoperative acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Observational studies and randomized trials were identified by a systematic search of MEDLINE, CINAHL, Web of Science, and CENTRAL and screened for inclusion into a meta-analysis. Individual patient data were obtained from the corresponding authors. Patients were stratified according to whether they received transfusion in the perioperative period [ red blood cell concentrates (RBC) and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP)], tidal volume size [<= 7 mL/kg predicted body weight (PBW), 7-10 and > 10 mL/kg PBW] and airway pressure level used during surgery (<= 15, 15-20 and > 20 cmH(2)O). The primary outcome was development of postoperative ARDS. Results: Seventeen investigations were included (3,659 patients). Postoperative ARDS occurred in 40 (7.2%) patients who received at least one blood product compared to 40 patients (2.5%) who did not [ adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 2.32; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.25-4.33; P=0.008]. Incidence of postoperative ARDS was highest in patients ventilated with tidal volumes of > 10 mL/kg PBW and having airway pressures of > 20 cmH(2)O receiving both RBC and FFP, and lowest in patients ventilated with tidal volume of <= 7 mL/kg PBW and having airway pressures of <= 15 cmH(2)O with no transfusion. There was a significant interaction between transfusion and airway pressure level (P=0.002) on the risk of postoperative ARDS. Conclusions: Peri-operative transfusion of blood products is associated with an increased risk of postoperative ARDS, which seems more dependent on airway pressure than tidal volume size."
"Journal Article"	"M. Alquraini; F. Alshamsi; M. H. Møller; E. Belley-Cote; S. Almenawer; R. Jaeschke; R. MacLaren; W. Alhazzani"	"2017"	"Sucralfate versus histamine 2 receptor antagonists for stress ulcer prophylaxis in adult critically ill patients: A meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized trials"	"Journal of critical care"	"40"		"21-30"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28315586"	"10.1016/j.jcrc.2017.03.005"	"*Critical illness
*Histamine-2-receptor antagonists
*Meta-analysis
*Stress ulcer
*Sucralfate
*Systematic review
Adult
Anti-Ulcer Agents/*therapeutic use
Histamine H2 Antagonists/*therapeutic use
Humans
Pneumonia/*prevention & control
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Stomach Ulcer/*prevention & control
Sucralfate/*therapeutic use"	"PURPOSE: To determine the impact of using sucralfate versus H2RAs for SUP on patient important outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, ACPJC, clinical trials registries, and conference proceedings through June 2016 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing sucralfate to H2RAs for SUP in adult critically ill patients. RESULTS: 21 RCTs enrolling 3121 patients met inclusion criteria. There was no significant difference between sucralfate compared to H2RAs in the risk of clinically important GI bleeding (risk ratio [RR] 1.19; 95% CI [confidence interval] 0.79, 1.80; P=0.42; I(2)=0%; low quality evidence). However, there was a statistically significant lower risk of ICU acquired pneumonia with sucralfate compared to H2RAs (RR 0.84; 95% CI 0.72, 0.98; P=0.03; I(2)=0%; moderate quality evidence). Sucralfate did not significantly affect the risk of death (RR 0.95; 95% CI 0.82, 1.10; P=0.51; I(2)=0%; high quality evidence), or duration of ICU stay in days (mean difference-0.39; 95% CI [-1.12, 0.34]; P=0.29; I(2)=0%; moderate quality evidence). Trial sequential analysis adjusted estimates were consistent with conventional estimates. CONCLUSION: Moderate quality evidence suggests that sucralfate reduced ICU acquired pneumonia compared to H2RAs in adult critically ill patients, with no significant impact on GI bleeding or death."
"Journal Article"	"G. Lamotte; M. R. Rafferty; J. Prodoehl; W. M. Kohrt; C. L. Comella; T. Simuni; D. M. Corcos"	"2015"	"Effects of endurance exercise training on the motor and non-motor features of Parkinson's disease: a review"	"Journal of Parkinson's disease"	"5"	"1"	"21-41"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25374272
https://content.iospress.com/articles/journal-of-parkinsons-disease/jpd140425"	"10.3233/JPD-140425"	"Parkinson's disease
aerobic exercise
balance
endurance
exercise
gait
motor activity
Cardiovascular Physiological Phenomena
Databases, Bibliographic/statistics & numerical data
*Exercise Therapy
Humans
Neurophysiology
Parkinson Disease/*physiopathology/*rehabilitation
Physical Endurance/*physiology
Postural Balance
Quality of Life
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic/statistics & numerical data
Respiration"	"BACKGROUND: Despite the benefits of medications and surgical interventions for Parkinson's disease (PD), these treatments are not without complications and neuroprotective strategies are still lacking. Therefore, there is a need for effective alternative approaches to treat motor and non-motor symptoms in PD. During the last decade, several studies have investigated endurance exercise training as a potential treatment for individuals with PD. OBJECTIVE: This paper reviews the therapeutically beneficial effects of endurance exercise training on motor and non-motor symptoms in PD. METHODS: First, we performed a systematic review of the literature on the effects of endurance exercise training on motor and non-motor signs of parkinsonism, functional outcomes including gait, balance and mobility, depression and fatigue, quality of life and perceived patient improvement, cardiorespiratory function, neurophysiological measures, and motor control measures in PD. Second we performed a meta-analysis on the motor section of the UPDRS. Then, we focused on several important factors to consider when prescribing endurance exercise training in PD such as intensity, duration, frequency, specificity and type of exercise. In addition, we identified current knowledge gaps regarding endurance exercise training in PD and made suggestions for future research. RESULTS: A total of eight randomized controlled trials met the inclusion criteria and were reviewed. This systematic review synthesizes evidence that endurance exercise training at a sufficiently high level enhances cardiorespiratory capacity and endurance by improving VO2 max and gait in moderately to mildly affected individuals with PD. However, there is not yet a proven effect of endurance exercise training on specific features of PD such as motor signs of parkinsonism. CONCLUSION: Endurance exercise training improves physical conditioning in PD patients; however, to date, there is insufficient evidence to include endurance exercise training as a specific treatment for PD. There is a need for well-designed large-scale randomized controlled trials to confirm benefits and safety of endurance exercise training in PD and to explore potential benefits on the motor and non-motor signs of PD."
"Journal Article"	"N. Zaka; E. C. Alexander; L. Manikam; I. C. F. Norman; M. Akhbari; S. Moxon; P. K. Ram; G. Murphy; M. English; S. Niermeyer; L. Pearson"	"2018"	"Quality improvement initiatives for hospitalised small and sick newborns in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review"	"Implementation Science"	"13"		"21-42"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000423733800001"	"10.1186/s13012-018-0712-2"	"Newborns
Quality improvement
Low- and middle-income countries
Systematic review
Preterm
Neonatal mortality rates
Infection control
Hospital stay
intensive-care units
infection-control approach
control consortium
inicc
blood-stream infections
family-centered care
kangaroo mother
care
for-gestational-age
nosocomial infections
neonatal sepsis
health-care
Health Care Sciences & Services"	"Background: An estimated 2.6 million newborns died in 2016; over 98.5% of deaths occurred in low-and middle-income countries (LMICs). Neonates born preterm and small for gestational age are particularly at risk given the high incidence of infectious complications, cardiopulmonary, and neurodevelopmental disorders in this group. Quality improvement (QI) initiatives can reduce the burden of mortality and morbidity for hospitalised newborns in these settings. We undertook a systematic review to synthesise evidence from LMICs on QI approaches used, outcome measures employed to estimate effects, and the nature of implementation challenges. Methods: We searched Medline, EMBASE, WHO Global Health Library, Cochrane Library, WHO ICTRP, and ClinicalTrials. gov and scanned the references of identified studies and systematic reviews. Searches covered January 2000 until April 2017. Search terms were "quality improvement", "newborns", " hospitalised",and their derivatives. Studies were excluded if they took place in high-income countries, did not include QI interventions, or did not include small and sick hospitalised newborns. Cochrane Risk of Bias tools were used to quality appraise the studies. Results: From 8110 results, 28 studies were included, covering 23 LMICs and 65,642 participants. Most interventions were meso level (district and clinic level); fewer were micro (patient-provider level) or macro (above district level). In-service training was the most common intervention subtype; service organisation and distribution of referencing materials were also frequently identified. The most commonly assessed outcome was mortality, followed by length of admission, sepsis rates, and infection rates. Key barriers to implementation of quality improvement initiatives included overburdened staff and lack of sufficient equipment. Conclusions: The frequency of meso level, single centre, and educational interventions suggests that these interventions may be easier for programme planners to implement. The success of some interventions in reducing morbidity and mortality rates suggests that QI approaches have a high potential for benefit to newborns. Going forward, there are opportunities to strengthen the focus of QI initiatives and to develop improved, larger-scale, collaborative research into implementation of quality improvement initiatives for this high-risk group."
"Journal Article"	"A. Alkaddour; C. Palacio; K. J. Vega"	"2018"	"Risk of histologic Barrett's esophagus between African Americans and non-Hispanic whites: A meta-analysis"	"United European gastroenterology journal"	"6"	"1"	"22-28"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29435310
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5802672/"	"10.1177/2050640617707862"	"African Americans
Barrett’s esophagus
ethnicity
meta-analysis
risk"	"BACKGROUND: Barrett's esophagus (BE) is rare in African Americans (AA). However, the risk difference magnitude in histologic BE prevalence between AA and non-Hispanic whites (nHw) has not been quantified to date. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this article is to determine the degree of histologic BE risk difference between AA and nHw. METHODS: PubMed, Web of Science and EMBASE were searched for studies reporting histologic BE in AA/nHw for inclusion. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with risk estimates of histologic BE occurrence between AA/nHw were calculated along with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Forest plots were used to quantify heterogeneity. Funnel plots and the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias tool were used to assess bias risk. RESULTS: Eight studies reported BE histologic confirmation in AA/nHw. Analysis demonstrated a nearly 400% increased histologic BE risk in nHw patients compared to AA (OR 3.949, 95% CI 3.069-5.082). In the model without the case-control study, histologic BE risk remained elevated at approximately 360% in nHw compared to AA (OR 3.618, 95% CI 2.769-4.726). Heterogeneity was not present in either model. Risk of bias was significant. CONCLUSIONS: Histologic BE risk is elevated in nHw by 3.6-4 times compared to AA. Investigation into understanding any clinical, molecular or genetic mechanisms underlying this risk disparity is warranted."
"Journal Article"	"N. F. Fox; C. Xiao; A. J. Sood; T. L. Lovelace; S. A. Nguyen; A. Sharma; T. A. Day"	"2015"	"Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for the treatment of radiation-induced xerostomia: a systematic review"	"Oral surgery, oral medicine, oral pathology and oral radiology"	"120"	"1"	"22-28"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26093680"	"10.1016/j.oooo.2015.03.007"	"Humans
*Hyperbaric Oxygenation
Oropharyngeal Neoplasms/*radiotherapy
Radiation Injuries/*therapy
Xerostomia/*etiology/*therapy"	"OBJECTIVE: Radiation-induced xerostomia is one of the most common morbidities of radiation therapy in patients with head and neck cancer. However, in spite of its high rate of occurrence, there are few effective therapies available for its management. The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy of hyperbaric oxygen on the treatment of radiation-induced xerostomia and xerostomia-related quality of life. STUDY DESIGN: PubMed, Google Scholar, and the Cochrane Library were searched for retrospective or prospective trials assessing subjective xerostomia, objective xerostomia, or xerostomia-related quality of life. To be included, patients had to have received radiation therapy for head and neck cancer, but not hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT). RESULTS: The systematic review initially identified 293 potential articles. Seven studies, comprising 246 patients, qualified for inclusion. Of the included studies, 6 of 7 were prospective in nature, and 1 was a retrospective study; and 2 of the 7 were controlled studies. CONCLUSIONS: HBOT may have utility for treating radiation-induced xerostomia refractory to other therapies. Additionally, HBOT may induce long-term improvement in subjective assessments of xerostomia, whereas other therapies currently available only provide short-term relief. The strength of these conclusions is limited by the lack of randomized controlled clinical trials."
"Journal Article"	"J. Sethi; M. S. Ali; D. Mohananey; R. Nanchal; F. Maldonado; A. Musani"	"2019"	"Are Transbronchial Cryobiopsies Ready for Prime Time?: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of bronchology & interventional pulmonology"	"26"	"1"	"22-32"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29901533"	"10.1097/LBR.0000000000000519"	"Bronchoscopy
Cryosurgery
Humans
Lung/*pathology
Lung Diseases/*diagnosis/pathology
Postoperative Complications"	"BACKGROUND: There is a lack of consensus regarding the yield and safety of transbronchial cryobiopsies for diagnosing diffuse parenchymal lung diseases (DPLD). The purpose of this study was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis assessing the diagnostic yield and safety profile of transbronchial cryobiopsies in DPLD. METHODS: A literature search of MEDLINE, EMBASE databases, and Google Scholar was performed in August 2017. The quality of included studies was assessed using Quality Assessment, Data Abstraction and Synthesis-2 tool. Meta-analysis was performed using MedCalc (version 17.2). Inverse variance weighting was used to aggregate diagnostic yield proportions across studies, with the number of subjects in each study representing its weight. Random effects model was used when significant heterogeneity was observed (I>40%). RESULTS: A total of 31 studies were included in the review. Of these, 27 studies with 1443 patients reported data on the performance of cryobiopsies for diagnosing DPLD. The diagnostic yield was 72.9% [95% confidence interval (CI), 67.9%-77.7%]. The pooled mean specimen size obtained by cryobiopsies was 23.4 mm (95% CI, 9.6-37.3 mm). The overall complication rate was 23.1% with bleeding and pneumothoraces being the most commonly reported complications. The incidence of significant bleeding was 14.2% (95% CI, 7.9%-21.9%), whereas pneumothorax was seen in 9.4% (95% CI, 6.7%-12.5%) of patients. Overall reported mortality was 0.3%. CONCLUSION: Our meta-analysis shows that cryobiopsies have a good diagnostic yield but a significant risk for complications. Cryobiopsy outcomes vary markedly among different centers. Further research is needed to standardize the procedure and improve its safety profile."
"Journal Article"	"E. P. Harausz; A. J. Garcia-Prats; S. Law; H. S. Schaaf; T. Kredo; J. A. Seddon; D. Menzies; A. Turkova; J. Achar; F. Amanullah; P. Barry; M. Becerra; E. D. Chan; P. C. Chan; D. I. Chiotan; A. Crossa; P. C. Drobac; L. Fairlie; D. Falzon; J. Flood; M. Gegia; R. M. Hicks; P. Isaakidis; S. M. Kadri; B. Kampmann; S. A. Madhi; E. Marais; A. Mariandyshev; A. Mendez-Echevarria; B. K. Moore; P. Nargiza; I. Ozere; N. Padayatchi; R. Saleem ur; N. Rybak; B. Santiago-Garcia; N. S. Shah; S. Sharma; T. S. Shim; A. Skrahina; A. Soriano-Arandes; M. van den Boom; M. J. van der Werf; T. S. van der Werf; B. Williams; E. Yablokova; J. J. Yim; J. Furin; A. C. Hesseling; M.-A. Collaborative Grp"	"2018"	"Treatment and outcomes in children with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis: A systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis"	"Plos Medicine"	"15"	"7"	"26-52"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000440339700002"	"10.1371/journal.pmed.1002591"	"pulmonary tuberculosis
antiretroviral therapy
young-children
south-africa
disease
management
initiation
trends
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background An estimated 32,000 children develop multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB; Mycobacterium tuberculosis resistant to isoniazid and rifampin) each year. Little is known about the optimal treatment for these children. Methods and findings To inform the pediatric aspects of the revised World Health Organization (WHO) MDR-TB treatment guidelines, we performed a systematic review and individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis, describing treatment outcomes in children treated for MDR-TB. To identify eligible reports we searched PubMed, LILACS, Embase, The Cochrane Library, PsychINFO, and BioMedCentral databases through 1 October 2014. To identify unpublished data, we reviewed conference abstracts, contacted experts in the field, and requested data through other routes, including at national and international conferences and through organizations working in pediatric MDR-TB. A cohort was eligible for inclusion if it included a minimum of three children (aged <15 years) who were treated for bacteriologically confirmed or clinically diagnosed MDR-TB, and if treatment outcomes were reported. The search yielded 2,772 reports; after review, 33 studies were eligible for inclusion, with IPD provided for 28 of these. All data were from published or unpublished observational cohorts. We analyzed demographic, clinical, and treatment factors as predictors of treatment outcome. In order to obtain adjusted estimates, we used a random-effects multivariable logistic regression (random intercept and random slope, unless specified otherwise) adjusted for the following covariates: age, sex, HIV infection, malnutrition, severe extrapulmonary disease, or the presence of severe disease on chest radiograph. We analyzed data from 975 children from 18 countries; 731 (75%) had bacteriologically confirmed and 244 (25%) had clinically diagnosed MDR-TB. The median age was 7.1 years. Of 910 (93%) children with documented HIV status, 359 (39%) were infected with HIV. When compared to clinically diagnosed patients, children with confirmed MDR-TB were more likely to be older, to be infected with HIV, to be malnourished, and to have severe tuberculosis (TB) on chest radiograph (p < 0.001 for all characteristics). Overall, 764 of 975 (78%) had a successful treatment outcome at the conclusion of therapy: 548/731 (75%) of confirmed and 216/244 (89%) of clinically diagnosed children (absolute difference 14%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 8% +/- 19%, p < 0.001). Treatment was successful in only 56% of children with bacteriologically confirmed TB who were infected with HIV who did not receive any antiretroviral treatment (ART) during MDR-TB therapy, compared to 82% in children infected with HIV who received ART during MDR-TB therapy (absolute difference 26%, 95% CI 5% +/- 48%, p = 0.006). In children with confirmed MDR-TB, the use of second-line injectable agents and high-dose isoniazid (15 +/- 20 mg/kg/day) were associated with treatment success (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.9, 95% CI 1.0 +/- 8.3, p = 0.041 and aOR 5.9, 95% CI 1.7 +/- 20.5, p = 0.007, respectively). These findings for high-dose isoniazid may have been affected by site effect, as the majority of patients came from Cape Town. Limitations of this study include the difficulty of estimating the treatment effects of individual drugs within multidrug regimens, only observational cohort studies were available for inclusion, and treatment decisions were based on the clinician's perception of illness, with resulting potential for bias. Conclusions This study suggests that children respond favorably to MDR-TB treatment. The low success rate in children infected with HIV who did not receive ART during their MDR-TB treatment highlights the need for ART in these children. Our findings of individual drug effects on treatment outcome should be further evaluated."
"Journal Article"	"S. Pandey; P. Srivanitchapoom; R. Kirubakaran; B. D. Berman"	"2018"	"Botulinum toxin for motor and phonic tics in Tourette's syndrome"	"Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews"		"1"	"26-52"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000423977300018"	"10.1002/14651858.CD012285.pub2"	"neurotoxin type-a
management
release
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background Gilles de la Tourette syndrome, or Tourette's syndrome, is defined as the presence of both motor and vocal (phonic) tics for more than 12 months, that manifest before the age of 18 years, in the absence of secondary causes. Treatment of motor and phonic tics is difficult and challenging. Objectives To determine the safety and effectiveness of botulinum toxin in treating motor and phonic tics in people with Tourette's syndrome, and to analyse the effect of botulinum toxin on premonitory urge and sensory tics. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Movement Disorders Group Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and two trials registers to 25 October 2017. We reviewed reference lists of relevant articles for additional trials. Selection criteria We considered all randomised, controlled, double-blind studies comparing botulinum toxin to placebo or other medications for the treatment of motor and phonic tics in Tourette's syndrome for this review. We sought both parallel group and cross-over studies of children or adults, at any dose, and for any duration. Data collection and analysis We followed standard Cochrane methods to select studies, assess risk of bias, extract and analyse data. All authors independently abstracted data onto standardized forms; disagreements were resolved by mutual discussion. Main results Only one randomised placebo-controlled, double-blind cross-over study met our selection criteria. In this study, 20 participants with motor tics were enrolled over a three-year recruitment period; 18 (14 of whom had a diagnosis of Tourette's syndrome) completed the study; in total, 21 focal motor tics were treated. Although we considered most bias domains to be at low risk of bias, the study recruited a small number of participants with relatively mild tics and provided limited data for our key outcomes. The effects of botulinum toxin injections on tic frequency, measured by videotape or rated subjectively, and on premonitory urge, are uncertain (very low-quality evidence). The quality of evidence for adverse events following botulinum toxin was very low. Nine people had muscle weakness following the injection, which could have led to unblinding of treatment group assignment. No data were available to evaluate whether botulinum injections led to immunoresistance to botulinum. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain about botulinum toxin effects in the treatment of focal motor and phonic tics in select cases, as we assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. Additional randomised controlled studies are needed to demonstrate the benefits and harms of botulinum toxin therapy for the treatment of motor and phonic tics in patients with Tourette's syndrome."
"Journal Article"	"R. D. da Silva; L. Bidikov; W. Michaels; D. Gustafson; W. R. Molina; F. J. Kim"	"2015"	"Bipolar energy in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia: a current systematic review of the literature"	"The Canadian journal of urology"	"22 Suppl 1"		"30-44"		"Canada"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26497342"		"Aged
Blood Loss, Surgical/prevention & control
Follow-Up Studies
Humans
Laser Therapy/*methods
Male
Minimally Invasive Surgical Procedures/methods
Operative Time
Prostatic Hyperplasia/diagnosis/psychology/*surgery
*Quality of Life
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Severity of Illness Index
Sodium Chloride/*therapeutic use
Transurethral Resection of Prostate/methods
Treatment Outcome
Volatilization"	"INTRODUCTION: For decades, the monopolar transurethral resection of the prostate has been established as the minimally invasive surgical treatment for patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). In recent years, new technologies and devices emerged to reduce the morbidity and improve outcomes for this treatment approach. Bipolar energy introduced the use of saline irrigation and laser technology increased the urological armamentarium to treat BPH. We performed a systematic review of the literature regarding bipolar technology for the treatment of BPH. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A MEDLINE database search using the PRISMA methodology. Selected literature was restricted to articles published in English and published between 2005 and 2015. Articles regarding techniques using bipolar energy were included, while manuscripts that used a different technique, hybrid techniques, or techniques other than bipolar resection, bipolar vaporization, and bipolar enucleation were excluded. RESULTS: The use of bipolar energy in the endoscopic treatment of BPH presented a significant reduction in operative time, perioperative complications, shorter catheterization time, reduced number of blood products transfused, and shorter hospital stay compared to standard techniques. Postoperative outcomes showed that bipolar energy was safe and offered significant outcome improvement when compared to traditional monopolar transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP). CONCLUSION: The use of bipolar energy in the surgical treatment of patients with BPH is safe and is associated with improvements in perioperative outcomes. Short and mid-term functional outcomes are comparable to standard techniques, but long term functional outcomes need better clinical evaluation."
"Journal Article"	"J. B. Schrock; M. J. Kraeutler; D. A. Houck; G. G. Provenzano; E. C. McCarty; J. T. Bravman"	"2016"	"Lesser tuberosity osteotomy and subscapularis tenotomy repair techniques during total shoulder arthroplasty: A meta-analysis of cadaveric studies"	"Clinical biomechanics (Bristol, Avon)"	"40"		"33-36"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27816022"	"10.1016/j.clinbiomech.2016.10.013"	"Lesser tuberosity osteotomy
Subscapularis
Subscapularis tenotomy
Total shoulder arthroplasty
Arthroplasty, Replacement/*methods
Arthroplasty, Replacement, Shoulder
Biomechanical Phenomena
Cadaver
Humans
Humerus/*surgery
Osteotomy/*methods
Rotator Cuff/surgery
Scapula/surgery
Shoulder Joint/*surgery
Suture Techniques
Tenotomy/*methods"	"BACKGROUND: Numerous techniques have been used to mobilize and repair the subscapularis tendon during total shoulder arthroplasty. The purpose of this study is to perform a detailed comparison of subscapularis tenotomy and lesser tuberosity osteotomy repairs during total shoulder arthroplasty. METHODS: Two independent reviewers searched two databases (PubMed and the Cochrane Library) to find cadaveric studies comparing the biomechanical strength of various subscapularis repair techniques following total shoulder arthroplasty. Articles that compared at least two repair techniques with similar biomechanical methods were included. FINDINGS: An initial literature search resulted in 145 studies. A title and abstract review resulted in five studies which analyzed outcomes of subscapularis tenotomy (total n=29) or lesser tuberosity osteotomy using a single- or dual-row suture technique (total n=46). Load to failure was significantly higher in the lesser tuberosity osteotomy group (M 443, SD 231N) than the tenotomy group (M 350, SD 113N) (p=0.047). Tenotomy (n=19) and lesser tuberosity osteotomy (n=31) had average cyclic displacements of 1.7mm (SD 1.3) and 2.1mm (SD 1.6), respectively (p=0.34). Mode of failure was significantly different between the two groups (p<0.0001), with soft tissue failure accounting for most tenotomy repairs (97%) and bone failure accounting for the majority of lesser tuberosity osteotomy repairs (72%). INTERPRETATION: Based on current biomechanical data, lesser tuberosity osteotomy is a stronger repair than a subscapularis tenotomy at "time-zero" in terms of load to failure. However, cyclic displacement did not differ statistically between the two techniques."
"Journal Article"	"S. D. Nathan; C. Albera; W. Z. Bradford; U. Costabel; I. Glaspole; M. K. Glassberg; D. R. Kardatzke; M. Daigl; K.-U. Kirchgaessler; L. H. Lancaster; D. J. Lederer; C. A. Pereira; J. J. Swigris; D. Valeyre; P. W. Noble"	"2017"	"Effect of pirfenidone on mortality: pooled analyses and meta-analyses of clinical trials in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis"	"The Lancet. Respiratory medicine"	"5"	"1"	"33-41"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27876247"	"10.1016/S2213-2600(16)30326-5"	"Anti-Inflammatory Agents, Non-Steroidal/*therapeutic use
Cause of Death
Clinical Trials, Phase III as Topic
Humans
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis/*drug therapy/*mortality
Pyridones/*therapeutic use
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Treatment Outcome
Vital Capacity/drug effects"	"BACKGROUND: In clinical trials of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, rates of all-cause mortality are low. Thus prospective mortality trials are logistically very challenging, justifying the use of pooled analyses or meta-analyses. We did pooled analyses and meta-analyses of clinical trials of pirfenidone versus placebo to determine the effect of pirfenidone on mortality outcomes over 120 weeks. METHODS: We did a pooled analysis of the combined patient populations of the three global randomised phase 3 trials of pirfenidone versus placebo-Clinical Studies Assessing Pirfenidone in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis: Research of Efficacy and Safety Outcomes (CAPACITY 004 and 006; trial durations 72-120 weeks) and Assessment of Pirfenidone to Confirm Efficacy and Safety in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (ASCEND 016; 52 weeks)-for all-cause mortality, treatment-emergent all-cause mortality, idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related mortality, and treatment-emergent idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related mortality at weeks 52, 72, and 120. We also did meta-analyses of these data and data from two Japanese trials of pirfenidone versus placebo-Shionogi Phase 2 (SP2) and Shionogi Phase 3 (SP3; trial durations 36-52 weeks). FINDINGS: At week 52, the relative risk of death for all four mortality outcomes was significantly lower in the pirfenidone group than in the placebo group in the pooled population (all-cause mortality hazard ratio [HR] 0·52 [95% CI 0·31-0·87; p=0·0107]; treatment-emergent all-cause mortality 0·45 [0·24-0·83; 0·0094]; idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related mortality 0·35 [0·17-0·72; 0·0029]; treatment-emergent idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related mortality 0·32 [0·14-0·76; 0·0061]). Consistent with the pooled analysis, meta-analyses for all-cause mortality at week 52 also showed a clinically relevant and significant risk reduction in the pirfenidone group compared with the placebo group. Over 120 weeks, we noted significant differences in the pooled analysis favouring pirfenidone therapy compared with placebo for treatment-emergent all-cause mortality (p=0·0420), idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related mortality (0·0237), and treatment-emergent idiopathic-pulmonary-fibrosis-related (0·0132) mortality; similar results were shown by meta-analyses. INTERPRETATION: Several analytic approaches demonstrated that pirfenidone therapy is associated with a reduction in the relative risk of mortality compared with placebo over 120 weeks. FUNDING: F Hoffmann-La Roche/Genentech."
"Journal Article"	"C. L. Brown; M. Rizer; R. Alexander; E. E. Sharpe, 3rd; P. J. Rochon"	"2018"	"Pelvic Congestion Syndrome: Systematic Review of Treatment Success"	"Seminars in interventional radiology"	"35"	"1"	"35-40"	"Thieme Medical Publishers"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29628614
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5886772/"	"10.1055/s-0038-1636519"	"embolization
interventional radiology
pelvic congestion syndrome
pelvic pain
venous reflux"	"Pelvic venous insufficiency is now a well-characterized etiology of pelvic congestion syndrome (PCS). The prevalence of CPP is 15% in females aged 18 to 50 years in the United States and up to 43.4% worldwide. In addition to individual physical, emotional, and quality-of-life implications of CPP, there are profound healthcare and socioeconomic expenses with estimated annual direct and indirect costs in the United States in excess of 39 billion dollars. PCS consists of clinical symptoms with concomitant anatomic and physiologic abnormalities originating in venous insufficiency. The etiology of PCS is diverse involving both mechanical and hormonal factors contributing to venous dilatation (>5 mm) and insufficiency. Factors affecting the diagnosis of PCS include variance of causes and clinical presentations of pelvic pain and relatively low sensitivity of noninvasive diagnostic imaging and laparoscopy to identify insufficiency compared with catheter venogram. A systematic review of the literature evaluating patient outcomes following percutaneous treatment of PCS is presented."
"Journal Article"	"M. G. Larach; T. T. Klumpner; B. W. Brandom; M. T. Vaughn; K. G. Belani; A. Herlich; T. W. Kim; J. Limoncelli; S. Riazi; E. L. Sivak; J. Capacchione; D. Mashman; S. Kheterpal; F. Kooij; J. Wilczak; R. Soto; J. Berris; Z. Price; S. Lins; P. Coles; J. M. Harris; K. C. Cummings, 3rd; M. F. Berman; M. Nanamori; B. T. Adelman; C. Wedeven; J. LaGorio; P. J. McCormick; S. Tom; M. F. Aziz; T. Coffman; T. A. Ellis, 2nd; S. Molina; W. Peterson; S. C. Mackey; W. A. van Klei; A. A. Ginde; D. A. Biggs; M. D. Neuman; R. M. Craft; N. L. Pace; W. C. Paganelli; M. E. Durieux; B. J. Nair; J. P. Wanderer; S. A. Miller; D. L. Helsten; Z. A. Turnbull; R. B. Schonberger; G. Multicenter Perioperative Outcomes"	"2019"	"Succinylcholine Use and Dantrolene Availability for Malignant Hyperthermia Treatment: Database Analyses and Systematic Review"	"Anesthesiology"	"130"	"1"	"41-54"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30550426"	"10.1097/ALN.0000000000002490"		"BACKGROUND: Although dantrolene effectively treats malignant hyperthermia (MH), discrepant recommendations exist concerning dantrolene availability. Whereas Malignant Hyperthermia Association of the United States guidelines state dantrolene must be available within 10 min of the decision to treat MH wherever volatile anesthetics or succinylcholine are administered, a Society for Ambulatory Anesthesia protocol permits Class B ambulatory facilities to stock succinylcholine for airway rescue without dantrolene. The authors investigated (1) succinylcholine use rates, including for airway rescue, in anesthetizing/sedating locations; (2) whether succinylcholine without volatile anesthetics triggers MH warranting dantrolene; and (3) the relationship between dantrolene administration and MH morbidity/mortality. METHODS: The authors performed focused analyses of the Multicenter Perioperative Outcomes Group (2005 through 2016), North American MH Registry (2013 through 2016), and Anesthesia Closed Claims Project (1970 through 2014) databases, as well as a systematic literature review (1987 through 2017). The authors used difficult mask ventilation (grades III and IV) as a surrogate for airway rescue. MH experts judged dantrolene treatment. For MH morbidity/mortality analyses, the authors included U.S. and Canadian cases that were fulminant or scored 20 or higher on the clinical grading scale and in which volatile anesthetics or succinylcholine were given. RESULTS: Among 6,368,356 queried outcomes cases, 246,904 (3.9%) received succinylcholine without volatile agents. Succinylcholine was used in 46% (n = 710) of grade IV mask ventilation cases (median dose, 100 mg, 1.2 mg/kg). Succinylcholine without volatile anesthetics triggered 24 MH cases, 13 requiring dantrolene. Among 310 anesthetic-triggered MH cases, morbidity was 20 to 37%. Treatment delay increased complications every 10 min, reaching 100% with a 50-min delay. Overall mortality was 1 to 10%; 15 U.S. patients died, including 4 after anesthetics in freestanding facilities. CONCLUSIONS: Providers use succinylcholine commonly, including during difficult mask ventilation. Succinylcholine administered without volatile anesthetics may trigger MH events requiring dantrolene. Delayed dantrolene treatment increases the likelihood of MH complications. The data reported herein support stocking dantrolene wherever succinylcholine or volatile anesthetics may be used."
"Journal Article"	"K. J. Morrow; A. M. Gustavson; J. Jones"	"2016"	"Speaking up behaviours (safety voices) of healthcare workers: A metasynthesis of qualitative research studies"	"International journal of nursing studies"	"64"		"42-51"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27684321"	"10.1016/j.ijnurstu.2016.09.014"	"Caring
Employee
Healthcare
Hierarchies
Nursing
Qualitative
Safety
Safety voice
Voice
*Communication
Health Personnel/*psychology
Nurse Administrators
Nurses/psychology
Safety Management"	"BACKGROUND: A critical characteristic of effective teams in any setting is when each member is willing to speak up to share thoughts and ideas to improve processes. In spite of attempts by healthcare systems to encourage employees to speak up, employee silence remains a common cause of communication breakdowns, contributing to errors and suboptimal care delivery. Nurses in particular have reported low confidence in their communication abilities, and cite the belief that speaking up will not make a difference. OBJECTIVE: To develop an understanding of how nurses and other healthcare workers relate to safety voice behaviors and how this might influence clinical practice. DATA SOURCES: A search of the PubMed, CINAHL, and Academic Search Premier databases was conducted using keywords employee, nurse, qualitative, speak up, silence, safety, voice, and safety voice identified 372 articles with 11 retained after a review of the abstracts. Studies took place in Australia, Bulgaria, Canada, Hong Kong, East Africa, Ireland, Korea, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States representing 504 healthcare workers including 354 nurses. METHODS: This interpretive meta-synthesis of 11 qualitative articles published from 2005 to 2015 was conducted using a social constructivist approach with thematic analysis. RESULTS: The four themes identified are: 1) hierarchies and power dynamics negatively affect safety voice, 2) open communication is unsafe and ineffective, 3) embedded expectations of nurse behavior affect safety voice, and 4) nurse managers have a powerful positive or negative affect on safety voice. CONCLUSIONS: Healthcare workers worldwide report multiple social and hierarchy related fears surrounding the utilization of safety voice behaviors. Hesitance to speak up is pervasive among nurses, as is low self-efficacy related to safety voice. The presence of caring leaders, peer support, and an organizational commitment to safe, open cultures, may improve safety voice utilization among nurses and other healthcare workers."
"Journal Article"	"S. van der Schans; L. M. A. Goossens; M. R. S. Boland; J. W. H. Kocks; M. J. Postma; J. F. M. van Boven; M. P. M. H. Rutten-van Mölken"	"2017"	"Systematic Review and Quality Appraisal of Cost-Effectiveness Analyses of Pharmacologic Maintenance Treatment for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Methodological Considerations and Recommendations"	"PharmacoEconomics"	"35"	"1"	"43-63"	"Springer International Publishing"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27592021
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5209411/"	"10.1007/s40273-016-0448-2"	"Administration, Inhalation
Adrenal Cortex Hormones/administration & dosage/economics
Bronchodilator Agents/*administration & dosage/economics
Cost-Benefit Analysis
Drug Therapy, Combination
Economics, Pharmaceutical
Humans
Muscarinic Antagonists/administration & dosage/economics
Phosphodiesterase 4 Inhibitors/administration & dosage/economics
Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive/*drug therapy/economics
*Quality-Adjusted Life Years"	"BACKGROUND: Worldwide, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a highly prevalent chronic lung disease with considerable clinical and socioeconomic impact. Pharmacologic maintenance drugs (such as bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroids) play an important role in the treatment of COPD. The cost effectiveness of these treatments has been frequently assessed, but studies to date have largely neglected the impact of treatment sequence and the exact stage of disease in which the drugs are used in real life. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to systematically review recently published articles that reported the cost effectiveness of COPD maintenance treatments, with a focus on key findings, quality and methodological issues. METHODS: We performed a systematic literature search in Embase, PubMed, the UK NHS Economic Evaluation Database (NHS-EED) and EURONHEED (European Network of Health Economics Evaluation Databases) and included all relevant articles published between 2011 and 2015 in either Dutch, English or German. Main study characteristics, methods and outcomes were extracted and critically assessed. The Quality of Health Economic Studies (QHES) instrument was used as basis for quality assessment, but additional items were also addressed. RESULTS: The search identified 18 recent pharmacoeconomic analyses of COPD maintenance treatments. Papers reported the cost effectiveness of long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) monotherapy (n = 6), phosphodiesterase (PDE)-4 inhibitors (n = 4), long-acting beta agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS) combinations (n = 4), LABA monotherapy (n = 2) and LABA/LAMA combinations (n = 2). All but two studies were funded by the manufacturer, and all studies indicated favourable cost effectiveness; however, the number of quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) gained was small. Less than half of the studies reported a COPD-specific outcome in addition to a generic outcome (mostly QALYs). Exacerbation and mortality rates were found to be the main drivers of cost effectiveness. According to the QHES, the quality of the studies was generally sufficient, but additional assessment revealed that most studies poorly represented the cost effectiveness of real-life medication use. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of studies showed that pharmacologic COPD maintenance treatment is cost effective, but most studies poorly reflected real-life drug use. Consistent and COPD-specific methodology is recommended."
"Journal Article"	"J. L. Freeman; S. Oushy; J. Schowinsky; S. Sillau; A. S. Youssef"	"2016"	"Invasive Giant Cell Tumor of the Lateral Skull Base: A Systematic Review, Meta-Analysis, and Case Illustration"	"World neurosurgery"	"96"		"47-57"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27269210"	"10.1016/j.wneu.2016.05.086"	"Giant cell tumor
Skull base
Sphenoid bone
Tegmen reconstruction
Temporal bone
Adult
Cranial Fossa, Middle/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Frontal Bone/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Giant Cell Tumor of Bone/diagnostic imaging/*surgery
Humans
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Male
Neoplasm Recurrence, Local/*epidemiology
Neoplasm, Residual
Occipital Bone/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Odds Ratio
Radiotherapy, Adjuvant
Skull Base Neoplasms/diagnostic imaging/*surgery
Sphenoid Bone/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Temporal Bone/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Temporomandibular Joint/diagnostic imaging/surgery
Tomography, X-Ray Computed"	"BACKGROUND: The current literature regarding cranial giant cell tumor (GCT) management includes scattered case reports and small case series. We present a comprehensive literature review and meta-analysis on this subject, along with a case report describing our management of a patient with temporal GCT. METHODS: A systematic literature review of all reports on GCTs of the skull was performed, followed by a meta-analysis examining the effect of radiation and degree of resection on tumor recurrence. RESULTS: Fifty-nine abstracts published between 1945 and 2015, reporting 110 cases of GCT, were reviewed. After exclusions were applied, 31 reports, covering 67 patients, were selected for meta-analysis. Average patient age was 33.7 years, and the male:female ratio was roughly 1:1. Tumor locations were temporal in 37 patients, sphenoid in 20 patients, occipital in 6 patients, frontal in 2 patients, and the temporomandibular joint in 2 patients. Treatments were surgery plus radiation in 25 patients, surgery alone in 41 patients, and radiation alone in 1 patient. In the 66 patients who underwent surgery, the degree of resection was gross total resection (GTR) in 34 patients, subtotal resection (STR) in 31 patients, and not recorded in 1 patient. The mean follow-up time was 36 months. Recurrence occurred in 8.8% of patients in the GTR group and in 32.3% of those in the STR group (odds ratio, 0.203; 95% confidence interval, 0.033-0.937; P = 0.018). The odds ratio for STR alone compared with STR plus radiation was 14.01 (P = 0.0038). CONCLUSION: GCTs of the skull commonly affect young adults, with an equal sex distribution, and are most often centered in temporal bone. GTR is associated with the lowest recurrence rate and should be the goal of treatment. If GTR cannot be achieved, the combination of STR and radiation results in a similar recurrence rate. With the advent of denosumab, there is now a role for chemotherapy in the treatment of GCTs."
"Journal Article"	"S. A. Fischer; J. Jones; J. A. Verran"	"2018"	"Consensus achievement of leadership, organisational and individual factors that influence safety climate: Implications for nursing management"	"Journal of nursing management"	"26"	"1"	"50-58"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28940765
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/jonm.12519"	"10.1111/jonm.12519"	"Delphi survey
nursing
patient safety
safety climate
transformational leadership
Adult
Aged
*Consensus
Female
Humans
Internationality
*Leadership
Male
Middle Aged
Nurse Administrators/psychology
*Organizational Culture
Patient Safety/*standards
Surveys and Questionnaires"	"AIM: To validate a framework of factors that influence the relationship of transformational leadership and safety climate, and to enable testing of safety chain factors by generating hypotheses regarding their mediating and moderating effects. BACKGROUND: Understanding the patient safety chain and mechanisms by which leaders affect a strong climate of safety is essential to transformational leadership practice, education, and research. METHODS: A systematic review of leadership and safety literature was used to develop an organising framework of factors proposed to influence the climate of safety. A panel of 25 international experts in leadership and safety engaged a three-round modified Delphi study with Likert-scored surveys. RESULTS: Eighty per cent of participating experts from six countries were retained to the final survey round. Consensus (>66% agreement) was achieved on 40 factors believed to influence safety climate in the acute care setting. CONCLUSIONS: Consensus regarding specific factors that play important roles in an organisation's climate of safety can be reached. Generally, the demonstration of leadership commitment to safety is key to cultivating a culture of patient safety. IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING MANAGEMENT: Transformational nurse leaders should consider and employ all three categories of factors in daily leadership activities and decision-making to drive a strong climate of patient safety."
"Journal Article"	"A. E. Hipwell; L. G. Kahn; P. Factor-Litvak; C. A. Porucznik; E. L. Siegel; R. N. Fichorova; R. F. Hamman; M. Klein-Fedyshin; K. G. Harley; O. program collaborators for Environmental influences on Child Health"	"2019"	"Exposure to non-persistent chemicals in consumer products and fecundability: a systematic review"	"Human reproduction update"	"25"	"1"	"51-71"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30307509
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6295794/
https://watermark.silverchair.com/dmy032.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAoswggKHBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggJ4MIICdAIBADCCAm0GCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMuCCagah7cpeMxLmjAgEQgIICPnBkgYGaypwNya2Ge_9O0Ljio4nxXatHNjst1S5ktr1dZiRGX7uwrtpajam4cxpcP1rhOCYYyZGBXTbdoYpHiT-b_RNyQIFk-vvboacTCp8OmuQmFpL8N3QPjxE7QGanDjADMtTCPcd0JVoSSMDyKxfW52CBD-CXDPG3CEmPcE6BtIPE45ndvCmM2Nj4R3bxtl-_8ySUDfIZWgzUv7nCE5LkGD-ME29496FYXBpleXvaB51bVhbWB9JW8aI-iJq5teiStXjmgxhf1HRdTGk-_tWv3Ow6G-9xhZUMb-g-iwtiD5glAr5fxMwSFjemUrRvVFTtMKpcbUDwJ4hscK4YWdkHVFn1zfCxLsgKmdobTLEkKlwKdd5smlWdKWjAMqX_9ieuHNhzwK-3sAspxHk1hGBgwmn-GjpsnRSBQZxemFsIe947TTpvDWX1zyLZFOybX52uDgzcN8xys464wV5y8DJhsLq637_i0-9heNNHm_es9OMDCSQFsTBhee7cseAFsxoeiW1PFkZ_4AQJX1pzA7VUR8_T1X4w8HGDz2_2NUgUj2WoUh8jtwZajIAN3P61ouFYZMWT-ZGrFnp8KQNXc2WLkZWwzK5ocPw5KBWye-2y4CTrtRWOFlI7DYkCDQ1-uIema1CQKMJ9hVCyXf50wELTm4LHFUVNQ-Qq7M9oMcYAeHT1kpG5p_aItvaYzbC4psY7_3GfQkNoOPwGBUrvCtOywbqnzaU9CE73omPy2YLxTlK7bHrWR9gHHdfLkis"	"10.1093/humupd/dmy032"		"BACKGROUND: Exposure to non-persistent chemicals in consumer products is ubiquitous and associated with endocrine-disrupting effects. These effects have been linked to infertility and adverse pregnancy outcomes in some studies and could affect couple fecundability, i.e. the capacity to conceive a pregnancy, quantified as time to pregnancy (TTP). OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: Few epidemiologic studies have examined the impact of non-persistent chemicals specifically on TTP, and the results of these studies have not been synthesized. We undertook a systematic review to summarize the strength of evidence for associations of common non-persistent chemicals with couple fecundability and to identify gaps and limitations in the literature, with the aim of informing policy decisions and future research. SEARCH METHODS: We performed an electronic search of English language literature published between 1 January 2007 and 25 August 2017 in MEDLINE, EMBASE.com, Global Health, DART/TOXLINE, POPLINE and DESTAF. We included human retrospective and prospective cohort, cross-sectional and case-control studies that examined phthalates, bisphenol A, triclosan, triclocarban, benzophenones, parabens and glycol ethers in consumer products, and considered TTP or fecundability as an outcome among women, men and couples conceiving without medical assistance. We excluded editorials, opinion pieces, introductions to special sections, articles that described only lifestyle (e.g. caffeine, stress) or clinical factors (e.g. semen parameters, IVF success). Standardized forms for screening, data extraction and study quality were developed using DistillerSR software and completed in duplicate. We used the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale to assess risk of bias and devised additional quality metrics based on specific methodological features of fecundability studies. OUTCOMES: The search returned 3456 articles. There were 15 papers from 12 studies which met inclusion criteria, of which eight included biomarkers of chemical exposure. Studies varied widely in terms of exposure characterization, precluding a meta-analytic approach. Among the studies that measured exposure using biospecimens, results were equivocal for associations between either male or female phthalate exposure and TTP. There was preliminary support for associations of female exposure to some parabens and glycol ethers and of male exposure to benzophenone with longer TTP, but further research and replication of these results are needed. The results provided little to no indication that bisphenol A, triclocarban or triclosan exposure was associated with TTP. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: Despite a growing literature on couple exposure to non-persistent endocrine-disrupting chemicals and fecundability, evidence for associations between biologically measured exposures and TTP is limited. Equivocal results with different non-persistent chemical compounds and metabolites complicate the interpretation of our findings with respect to TTP, but do not preclude action, given the documented endocrine disrupting effects on other reproductive outcomes as well as fetal development. We therefore advocate for common-sense lifestyle changes in which both females and males seeking to conceive minimize their exposure to non-persistent chemicals. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018084304."
"Journal Article"	"J. C. Hsu; T. M. Maddox; K. F. Kennedy; D. F. Katz; L. N. Marzec; S. A. Lubitz; A. K. Gehi; M. P. Turakhia; G. M. Marcus"	"2016"	"Oral Anticoagulant Therapy Prescription in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation Across the Spectrum of Stroke Risk: Insights From the NCDR PINNACLE Registry"	"JAMA cardiology"	"1"	"1"	"55-62"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27437655
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamacardiology/articlepdf/2503083/hoi150017.pdf"	"10.1001/jamacardio.2015.0374"	"Administration, Oral
Aged
Anticoagulants/administration & dosage/*adverse effects
Atrial Fibrillation/*drug therapy
*Contraindications, Drug
Female
Humans
Male
Registries
Risk
Stroke/*chemically induced/prevention & control"	"IMPORTANCE: Patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) are at a proportionally higher risk of stroke based on accumulation of well-defined risk factors. OBJECTIVE: To examine the extent to which prescription of an oral anticoagulant (OAC) in US cardiology practices increases as the number of stroke risk factors increases. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional registry study of outpatients with AF enrolled in the American College of Cardiology National Cardiovascular Data Registry's PINNACLE (Practice Innovation and Clinical Excellence) Registry between January 1, 2008, and December 30, 2012. As a measure of stroke risk, we calculated the CHADS2 score and the CHA2DS2-VASc score for all patients. Using multinomial logistic regression models adjusted for patient, physician, and practice characteristics, we examined the association between increased stroke risk score and prescription of an OAC. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was prescription of an OAC with warfarin sodium or a non-vitamin K antagonist OAC. RESULTS: The study cohort comprised 429 417 outpatients with AF. Their mean (SD) age was 71.3 (12.9) years, and 55.8% were male. Prescribed treatment consisted of an OAC (192 600 [44.9%]), aspirin only (111 134 [25.9%]), aspirin plus a thienopyridine (23 454 [5.5%]), or no antithrombotic therapy (102 229 [23.8%]). Each 1-point increase in risk score was associated with increased odds of OAC prescription compared with aspirin-only prescription using the CHADS2 score (adjusted odds ratio, 1.158; 95% CI, 1.144-1.172; P < .001) and the CHA2DS2-VASc score (adjusted odds ratio, 1.163; 95% CI, 1.157-1.169; P < .001). Overall, OAC prescription prevalence did not exceed 50% even in higher-risk patients with a CHADS2 score exceeding 3 or a CHA2DS2-VASc score exceeding 4. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In a large quality improvement registry of outpatients with AF, prescription of OAC therapy increased with a higher CHADS2 score and CHA2DS2-VASc score. However, a plateau of OAC prescription was observed, with less than half of high-risk patients receiving an OAC prescription."
"Journal Article"	"D. M. Wallace; N. J. Williams; A. M. Sawyer; G. Jean-Louis; M. S. Aloia; D. L. Vieira; W. K. Wohlgemuth"	"2018"	"Adherence to positive airway pressure treatment among minority populations in the US: A scoping review"	"Sleep medicine reviews"	"38"		"56-69"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28625480
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6459609/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6459609/pdf/nihms-949075.pdf"	"10.1016/j.smrv.2017.04.002"	"*Adherence
*Compliance
*Ethnicity
*Health disparities
*Obstructive sleep apnea
*Positive airway pressure
*Race
*Treatment
Continuous Positive Airway Pressure/*methods
Healthcare Disparities/trends
Humans
*Minority Groups
*Patient Compliance
Sleep Apnea, Obstructive/epidemiology/*therapy
United States/epidemiology"	"Minority individuals in the United States (US) have an increased prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) compared to their white/Caucasian counterparts. In general, adherence to positive airway pressure (PAP) therapy is poor and some studies suggest that PAP use among minority individuals is inferior to that of whites. However, there has not been a review of the evidence that addresses racial-ethnic disparities for PAP adherence in the treatment of OSA, and no review has systematically examined the contributing factors to poor adherence among minority individuals compared to whites. We searched the literature for studies published between January 1990 to July 2016 that included objective PAP use comparisons between adult US minority individuals and whites. Twenty-two studies met the inclusion criteria. All studies compared the PAP adherence of blacks to whites. Seven studies compared the PAP adherence of additional minority groups to that of whites. Sixteen of the 22 studies (73%) showed worse PAP adherence in blacks compared to whites. Four studies found equivalent PAP use in US Hispanics compared to whites. Little is known about the PAP adherence of other US minority groups. We present a framework and research agenda for understanding PAP use barriers among US minority individuals."
"Journal Article"	"L. A. Brenner; K. A. Stearns-Yoder; A. S. Hoffberg; M. E. Penzenik; A. J. Starosta; T. D. Hernández; D. A. Hadidi; C. A. Lowry"	"2017"	"Growing literature but limited evidence: A systematic review regarding prebiotic and probiotic interventions for those with traumatic brain injury and/or posttraumatic stress disorder"	"Brain, behavior, and immunity"	"65"		"57-67"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28606462"	"10.1016/j.bbi.2017.06.003"	"Bifidobacteria
Lactobacilli
PTSD
Persistent post-concussive symptoms
Posttraumatic stress disorder
Prebiotic
Probiotic
Synbiotic
Systematic review
TBI
Traumatic brain injury
Adult
Brain Concussion/drug therapy/microbiology
Brain Injuries/complications
Brain Injuries, Traumatic/drug therapy/microbiology
Comorbidity
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Military Personnel
Post-Concussion Syndrome/*drug therapy
Prebiotics/statistics & numerical data
Probiotics/*pharmacology/therapeutic use
Stress Disorders, Post-Traumatic/*drug therapy/microbiology
Veterans"	"Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is highly prevalent among a wide range of populations, including civilians, military personnel, and Veterans. TBI sequelae may be further exacerbated by symptoms associated with frequently occurring comorbid psychiatric conditions, including posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). This is particularly true among the population of military personnel from recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, with a history of mild TBI (mTBI) and PTSD. The need for efficacious treatments for TBI and comorbid PTSD is significant, and evidence-based interventions for these frequently co-occurring conditions are limited. Based on findings suggesting that inflammation may be an underlying mechanism of both conditions, anti-inflammatory/immunoregulatory agents, including probiotics, may represent a novel strategy to treat TBI and/or PTSD-related symptoms. The focus of this systematic review was to identify and evaluate existing research regarding prebiotic and probiotic interventions for the populations of individuals with a history of TBI and/or PTSD. Only 4 studies were identified (3 severe TBI, 1 PTSD, 0 co-occurring TBI and PTSD). Although findings suggested some promise, work in this area is nascent and results to date do not support some claims within the extensive coverage of probiotics in the popular press."
"Journal Article"	"N. K. Rai; T. Tiwari"	"2018"	"Parental Factors Influencing the Development of Early Childhood Caries in Developing Nations: A Systematic Review"	"Frontiers in public health"	"6"		"64-72"	"Frontiers Media S.A."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29616206
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5865069/"	"10.3389/fpubh.2018.00064"	"child
dental caries
health knowledge attitudes practice
parents
risk factors
sociological factors"	"BACKGROUND: Early childhood caries (ECC) is one of the most prevalent and chronic conditions of childhood. Various factors including biological and dietary factors along with an overlay of parental social factors have been found to be associated with the progression of ECC. The objective of this systematic review is to synthesize available literature and to identify parent-level proximal and distal risk factors associated with the development of ECC in developing nations. METHODS: Studies conducted in developing nations, published between 2005 and 2017 in English, that included children younger than 6 years and examined ECC were included. The outcome of interest were parental risk factors, which included parental knowledge, behavior, attitudes, sense of coherence (SOC), stress, socioeconomic status (SES), education, and breastfeeding duration. The studies were retrieved from MEDLINE, Ovid Medline, and PubMed. RESULTS: The search yielded 325 studies, of which 18 were considered eligible for inclusion in this review. Ten studies found maternal education, and seven studies found parental education to be significantly associated with ECC. SES was significantly associated with ECC in 13 studies in the form of annual household income and occupation level. Four studies observed the significant association between oral health knowledge and attitudes with ECC, whereas only two studies found maternal attitude to be associated with ECC. Breastfeeding duration was a significant risk factor in four studies. One study each found significant associations of SOC, parental distress, and secondary smoke with ECC. CONCLUSION: To date, most of the researches done in developing countries have reported distal parental factors such as income and education being significant risk factors in caries development compared to proximal risk factors in low-income groups. Only a few studies analyzed the psychosocial and behavioral factors. Interventions could be designed to improve parental oral health knowledge and behaviors in these nations."
"Journal Article"	"K. L. Casillas; A. Fauchier; B. T. Derkash; E. F. Garrido"	"2016"	"Implementation of evidence-based home visiting programs aimed at reducing child maltreatment: A meta-analytic review"	"Child abuse & neglect"	"53"		"64-80"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26724823"	"10.1016/j.chiabu.2015.10.009"	"Child maltreatment prevention
Home visiting
Implementation
Meta-analysis
Child
Child Abuse/*prevention & control
Child Protective Services/education/organization & administration
Evidence-Based Practice/education/*organization & administration
Family Health
Health Knowledge, Attitudes, Practice
Health Personnel/education/organization & administration
Health Plan Implementation/organization & administration
*House Calls
Humans
Outcome Assessment (Health Care)
Parenting
Research Design"	"In recent years there has been an increase in the popularity of home visitation programs as a means of addressing risk factors for child maltreatment. The evidence supporting the effectiveness of these programs from several meta-analyses, however, is mixed. One potential explanation for this inconsistency explored in the current study involves the manner in which these programs were implemented. In the current study we reviewed 156 studies associated with 9 different home visitation program models targeted to caregivers of children between the ages of 0 and 5. Meta-analytic techniques were used to determine the impact of 18 implementation factors (e.g., staff selection, training, supervision, fidelity monitoring, etc.) and four study characteristics (publication type, target population, study design, comparison group) in predicting program outcomes. Results from analyses revealed that several implementation factors, including training, supervision, and fidelity monitoring, had a significant effect on program outcomes, particularly child maltreatment outcomes. Study characteristics, including the program's target population and the comparison group employed, also had a significant effect on program outcomes. Implications of the study's results for those interested in implementing home visitation programs are discussed. A careful consideration and monitoring of program implementation is advised as a means of achieving optimal study results."
"Journal Article"	"E. P. Hambrick; S. Oppenheim-Weller; A. M. N'zi; H. N. Taussig"	"2016"	"Mental Health Interventions for Children in Foster Care: A Systematic Review"	"Children and youth services review"	"70"		"65-77"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28496286
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5421550/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5421550/pdf/nihms817145.pdf"	"10.1016/j.childyouth.2016.09.002"	"*Foster care
*child maltreatment
*engagement
*interventions
*systematic review
*treatment"	"Children in foster care have high rates of adverse childhood experiences and are at risk for mental health problems. These problems can be difficult to ameliorate, creating a need for rigorous intervention research. Previous research suggests that intervening with children in foster care can be challenging for several reasons, including the severity and complexity of their mental health problems, and challenges engaging this often transitory population in mental health services. The goal of this article was to systematically review the intervention research that has been conducted with children in foster care, and to identify future research directions. This review was conducted on mental health interventions for children, ages 0 to 12, in foster care, using ERIC, CINAHL, PsycINFO, PubMed, ProQuest's Dissertation and Theses Database, Social Services Abstracts, and Social Work Abstracts. It was restricted to interventions that are at least "possibly efficacious" (i.e., supported by evidence from at least one randomized controlled trial). Studies were evaluated for risk of bias. Ten interventions were identified, with diverse outcomes, including mental health and physiological. Six interventions were developed for children in foster care. Interventions not developed for children in foster care were typically adapted to the foster context. Most interventions have yet to be rigorously evaluated in community-based settings with children in foster care. Little research has been conducted on child and family engagement within these interventions, and there is a need for more research on moderators of intervention outcomes and subgroups that benefit most from these interventions. In addition, there is not consensus regarding how to adapt interventions to this population. Future research should focus on developing and testing more interventions with this population, rigorously evaluating their effectiveness in community-based settings, determining necessary adaptations, and identifying which interventions work best for whom."
"Journal Article"	"A. S. Neto; S. N. T. Hemmes; C. S. V. Barbas; M. Beiderlinden; M. Biehl; J. M. Binnekade; J. Canet; A. Fernandez-Bustamante; E. Futier; O. Gajic; G. Hedenstierna; M. W. Hollmann; S. Jaber; A. Kozian; M. Licker; W. Q. Lin; A. D. Maslow; S. G. Memtsoudis; D. R. Miranda; P. Moine; T. Ng; D. Paparella; C. Putensen; M. Ranieri; F. Scavonetto; T. Schilling; W. Schmid; G. Selmo; P. Severgnini; J. Sprung; S. Sundar; D. Talmor; T. Treschan; C. Unzueta; T. N. Weingarten; E. K. Wolthuis; H. Wrigge; M. G. de Abreu; P. Pelosi; M. J. Schultz; P. N. Investigators"	"2015"	"Protective versus Conventional Ventilation for Surgery A Systematic Review and Individual Patient Data Meta-analysis"	"Anesthesiology"	"123"	"1"	"66-78"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000363536300011"	"10.1097/aln.0000000000000706"	"tidal-volume ventilation
randomized controlled-trial
acute lung
injury
respiratory-distress-syndrome
end-expiratory pressure
mechanical ventilation
abdominal-surgery
general-anesthesia
cardiopulmonary bypass
thoracic-surgery
Anesthesiology"	"Background: Recent studies show that intraoperative mechanical ventilation using low tidal volumes (V-T) can prevent postoperative pulmonary complications (PPCs). The aim of this individual patient data meta-analysis is to evaluate the individual associations between V-T size and positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) level and occurrence of PPC. Methods: Randomized controlled trials comparing protective ventilation (low V-T with or without high levels of PEEP) and conventional ventilation (high V-T with low PEEP) in patients undergoing general surgery. The primary outcome was development of PPC. Predefined prognostic factors were tested using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Fifteen randomized controlled trials were included (2,127 patients). There were 97 cases of PPC in 1,118 patients (8.7%) assigned to protective ventilation and 148 cases in 1,009 patients (14.7%) assigned to conventional ventilation (adjusted relative risk, 0.64; 95% CI, 0.46 to 0.88; P < 0.01). There were 85 cases of PPC in 957 patients (8.9%) assigned to ventilation with low V-T and high PEEP levels and 63 cases in 525 patients (12%) assigned to ventilation with low V-T and low PEEP levels (adjusted relative risk, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.64 to 1.37; P = 0.72). A dose-response relationship was found between the appearance of PPC and V-T size (R-2 = 0.39) but not between the appearance of PPC and PEEP level (R-2 = 0.08). Conclusions: These data support the beneficial effects of ventilation with use of low V-T in patients undergoing surgery. Further trials are necessary to define the role of intraoperative higher PEEP to prevent PPC during nonopen abdominal surgery."
"Journal Article"	"H. Pederson; T. Okland; L. N. Boyers; C. Karimkhani; R. M. Rosenfeld; M. Nasser; S. L. Yoong; L. Wolfenden; H. H. Kyu; P. T. Serina; M. Coggeshall; R. P. Dellavalle"	"2015"	"Identifying Otolaryngology Systematic Review Research Gaps Comparing Global Burden of Disease 2010 Results With Cochrane Database of Systematic Review Content"	"Jama Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery"	"141"	"1"	"67-72"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000347973300012"	"10.1001/jamaoto.2014.2700"	"injuries
health
Otorhinolaryngology
Surgery"	"IMPORTANCE Burden of disease should inform research prioritization. OBJECTIVE To determine whether systematic reviews and protocols published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR) appropriately reflect disease burden for otolaryngologic conditions as measured by the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) 2010 project. DESIGN Two investigators independently assessed 10 otolaryngologic conditions in CDSR for systematic review and protocol representation from March to June 2014. The otolaryngologic diseases were matched to their respective GBD 2010 disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs) to assess their correlation. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Relationship of CDSR representation (based on systematic reviews and protocols) with percentage of total 2010 DALYs, 2010 DALY rank, and DALY percentage change from 1990 to 2010 for 10 otolaryngologic conditions. RESULTS All 10 otolaryngologic conditions were represented by at least 1 systematic review in CDSR. The number of reviews and protocols in CDSR was well matched with GBD 2010 disability metrics for only 1 disease, mouth cancer. Upper respiratory infections, otitis media, thyroid cancer, and cleft lip and cleft palate were overrepresented in CDSR, and esophageal cancer, "other hearing loss," nasopharynx cancer, larynx cancer, and " cancer of other part of pharynx and oropharynx" were underrepresented. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE The representation of otolaryngologic conditions in CDSR correlates poorly with DALY metrics. The results of this study may guide future research prioritization and allocation of funds."
"Journal Article"	"M. Simonato; S. Iyengar; A. Brooks-Kayal; S. Collins; A. Depaulis; D. W. Howells; F. Jensen; J. Liao; M. R. Macleod; M. Patel; H. Potschka; M. Walker; V. Whittemore; E. S. Sena"	"2017"	"Identification and characterization of outcome measures reported in animal models of epilepsy: Protocol for a systematic review of the literature-A TASK2 report of the AES/ILAE Translational Task Force of the ILAE"	"Epilepsia"	"58 Suppl 4"		"68-77"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29105071
https://www.research.ed.ac.uk/portal/files/79053298/Simonato_Identification_characterization_outcome_measures.pdf"	"10.1111/epi.13908"	"*Animal models
*Meta-analysis
*Systematic reviews
*Advisory Committees
Animals
Disease Models, Animal
Epilepsy/*diagnosis/*therapy
Humans
*Outcome Assessment (Health Care)
Systematic Reviews as Topic
*Translational Medical Research"	"Current antiseizure therapy is ineffective in approximately one third of people with epilepsy and is often associated with substantial side effects. In addition, most current therapeutic paradigms offer treatment, but not cure, and no therapies are able to modify the underlying disease, that is, can prevent or halt the process of epileptogenesis or alleviate the cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities. Preclinical research in the field of epilepsy has been extensive, but unfortunately, not all the animal models being used have been validated for their predictive value. The overall goal of TASK2 of the AES/ILAE Translational Task Force is to organize and coordinate systematic reviews on selected topics regarding animal research in epilepsy. Herein we describe our strategy. In the first part of the paper we provide an overview of the usefulness of systematic reviews and meta-analysis for preclinical research and explain the essentials for their conduct. Then we describe in detail the protocol for a first systematic review, which will focus on the identification and characterization of outcome measures reported in animal models of epilepsy. The specific goals of this study are to define systematically the phenotypic characteristics of the most commonly used animal models, and to effectively compare these with the manifestations of human epilepsy. This will provide epilepsy researchers with detailed information on the strengths and weaknesses of epilepsy models, facilitating their refinement and future research. Ultimately, this could lead to a refined use of relevant models for understanding the mechanism(s) of the epilepsies and developing novel therapies."
"Journal Article"	"E. J. Lavonas; V. Khatri; C. Daugherty; B. Bucher-Bartelson; T. King; R. C. Dart"	"2014"	"Medically Significant Late Bleeding After Treated Crotaline Envenomation: A Systematic Review"	"Annals of Emergency Medicine"	"63"	"1"	"71-78"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000329890300017"	"10.1016/j.annemergmed.2013.03.002"	"polyvalent immune fab
rattlesnake envenomation
recurrent coagulopathy
ovine antivenom
united-states
snake bites
pit viper
venom
experience
trial
Emergency Medicine"	"Study objective: We estimate the proportion of patients with crotaline snake envenomation who are treated with Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine) antivenom and who develop medically significant late bleeding. Methods: We performed a systematic review of all published cohort studies of North American crotaline snake envenomation patients treated with Fab antivenom. We searched Pub Med, Ovid MEDLINE, and EMBASE from January 1, 1997, to April 30, 2012. Data were extracted by 2 trained researchers. Late bleeding was defined as bleeding that began or recurred after initial control of the envenomation syndrome. Medically significant late bleeding was defined a priori as late bleeding treated with RBC transfusion, vasoactive drug infusion, surgery, or rehospitalization or associated with a hemoglobin decrease of greater than or equal to 3 g/dL, hematocrit decrease of greater than or equal to 8%, disability, or death. Summary incidence and 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were calculated with a random-effects Poisson regression model. Results: Nineteen unique cohort studies were identified. Four studies collected data prospectively, and in 9 studies, patients were followed actively after hospital discharge. A total of 1,017 subjects were enrolled in these cohort studies. Late bleeding was reported in 9 subjects (0.9%; 95% Cl 0.4% to 2.2%), of whom 5 subjects (0.5%; 95% Cl 0.1% to 1.7%) had medically significant late bleeding. Three patients received RBC transfusion; no deaths or permanent sequelae were reported. Estimates of risk may be affected by underreporting. Conclusion: Medically significant late bleeding appears to be uncommon in snakebite victims treated with Fab antivenom."
"Journal Article"	"C. J. Sorensen; K. DeSanto; L. Borgelt; K. T. Phillips; A. A. Monte"	"2017"	"Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome: Diagnosis, Pathophysiology, and Treatment-a Systematic Review"	"Journal of medical toxicology : official journal of the American College of Medical Toxicology"	"13"	"1"	"71-87"	"Springer US"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28000146
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5330965/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5330965/pdf/13181_2016_Article_595.pdf"	"10.1007/s13181-016-0595-z"	"*Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome
*Cannabis
*Cyclic vomiting syndrome
*Marijuana
Diagnosis, Differential
Humans
Marijuana Abuse/complications
Syndrome
Vomiting/*chemically induced/diagnosis/physiopathology/*therapy"	"Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome (CHS) is a syndrome of cyclic vomiting associated with cannabis use. Our objective is to summarize the available evidence on CHS diagnosis, pathophysiology, and treatment. We performed a systematic review using MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library from January 2000 through September 24, 2015. Articles eligible for inclusion were evaluated using the Grading and Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) criteria. Data were abstracted from the articles and case reports and were combined in a cumulative synthesis. The frequency of identified diagnostic characteristics was calculated from the cumulative synthesis and evidence for pathophysiologic hypothesis as well as treatment options were evaluated using the GRADE criteria. The systematic search returned 2178 articles. After duplicates were removed, 1253 abstracts were reviewed and 183 were included. Fourteen diagnostic characteristics were identified, and the frequency of major characteristics was as follows: history of regular cannabis for any duration of time (100%), cyclic nausea and vomiting (100%), resolution of symptoms after stopping cannabis (96.8%), compulsive hot baths with symptom relief (92.3%), male predominance (72.9%), abdominal pain (85.1%), and at least weekly cannabis use (97.4%). The pathophysiology of CHS remains unclear with a dearth of research dedicated to investigating its underlying mechanism. Supportive care with intravenous fluids, dopamine antagonists, topical capsaicin cream, and avoidance of narcotic medications has shown some benefit in the acute setting. Cannabis cessation appears to be the best treatment. CHS is a cyclic vomiting syndrome, preceded by daily to weekly cannabis use, usually accompanied by symptom improvement with hot bathing, and resolution with cessation of cannabis. The pathophysiology underlying CHS is unclear. Cannabis cessation appears to be the best treatment."
"Journal Article"	"L. Richeldi; V. Cottin; R. M. du Bois; M. Selman; T. Kimura; Z. Bailes; R. Schlenker-Herceg; S. Stowasser; K. K. Brown"	"2016"	"Nintedanib in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: Combined evidence from the TOMORROW and INPULSIS(®) trials"	"Respiratory medicine"	"113"		"74-79"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26915984"	"10.1016/j.rmed.2016.02.001"	"Acute exacerbations
Disease progression
Forced vital capacity
Mortality
Quality of life
Aged
Clinical Trials, Phase II as Topic
Clinical Trials, Phase III as Topic
Diarrhea/chemically induced
Drug Administration Schedule
Enzyme Inhibitors/*administration & dosage/pharmacology
Female
Humans
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis/*drug therapy/physiopathology
Indoles/*administration & dosage/pharmacology
Male
Middle Aged
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Treatment Outcome
Vital Capacity/drug effects"	"BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The Phase II TOMORROW trial and two Phase III INPULSIS(®) trials investigated the efficacy and safety of nintedanib versus placebo in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). To obtain an overall estimate of the treatment effect of nintedanib 150 mg twice daily (bid), pooled and meta-analyses of data from these three trials were conducted. METHODS: Pooled and meta-analyses were conducted for annual rate of decline in forced vital capacity (FVC), time to first acute exacerbation, change from baseline in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score and mortality over 52 weeks. RESULTS: 1231 patients (nintedanib n = 723, placebo n = 508) were included in the pooled analysis. Adjusted annual rate of decline in FVC was -112.4 mL/year with nintedanib and -223.3 mL/year with placebo (difference: 110.9 mL/year [95% CI: 78.5, 143.3]; p < 0.0001). The hazard ratio for time to first acute exacerbation was 0.53 (95% CI: 0.34, 0.83; p = 0.0047). Adjusted mean change from baseline in SGRQ score at week 52 was 2.92 with nintedanib and 4.97 with placebo (difference: -2.05 [95% CI: -3.59, -0.50]; p = 0.0095). Hazard ratios for time to all-cause and on-treatment mortality were 0.70 (95% CI: 0.46, 1.08; p = 0.0954) and 0.57 (95% CI: 0.34, 0.97; p = 0.0274), respectively, in favour of nintedanib. The meta-analysis was generally consistent with the pooled analysis. Diarrhoea was the most frequent adverse event in the nintedanib group (61.5% of patients treated with nintedanib versus 17.9% of patients treated with placebo). CONCLUSION: Nintedanib has a beneficial effect on slowing disease progression in patients with IPF."
"Journal Article"	"M. Garriga; I. Pacchiarotti; S. Kasper; S. L. Zeller; M. H. Allen; G. Vázquez; L. Baldaçara; L. San; R. H. McAllister-Williams; K. N. Fountoulakis; P. Courtet; D. Naber; E. W. Chan; A. Fagiolini; H. J. Möller; H. Grunze; P. M. Llorca; R. L. Jaffe; L. N. Yatham; D. Hidalgo-Mazzei; M. Passamar; T. Messer; M. Bernardo; E. Vieta"	"2016"	"Assessment and management of agitation in psychiatry: Expert consensus"	"The world journal of biological psychiatry : the official journal of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry"	"17"	"2"	"86-128"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26912127
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.3109/15622975.2015.1132007?needAccess=true"	"10.3109/15622975.2015.1132007"	"Agitation
assessment
psychiatric emergency
restraint
verbal de-escalation
Antipsychotic Agents/*therapeutic use
Benzodiazepines/therapeutic use
Consensus
*Disease Management
Emergency Medical Services
Humans
Meta-Analysis as Topic
Olanzapine
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Psychiatric Status Rating Scales
Psychiatry
Psychomotor Agitation/*diagnosis/*drug therapy/*etiology
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Risk Factors"	"BACKGROUND: Psychomotor agitation is associated with different psychiatric conditions and represents an important issue in psychiatry. Current recommendations on agitation in psychiatry are not univocal. Actually, an improper assessment and management may result in unnecessary coercive or sedative treatments. A thorough and balanced review plus an expert consensus can guide assessment and treatment decisions. METHODS: An expert task force iteratively developed consensus using the Delphi method. Initial survey items were based on systematic review of the literature. Subsequent surveys included new, re-worded or re-rated items. RESULTS: Out of 2175 papers assessing psychomotor agitation, 124 were included in the review. Each component was assigned a level of evidence. Integrating the evidence and the experience of the task force members, a consensus was reached on 22 statements on this topic. CONCLUSIONS: Recommendations on the assessment of agitation emphasise the importance of identifying any possible medical cause. For its management, experts agreed in considering verbal de-escalation and environmental modification techniques as first choice, considering physical restraint as a last resort strategy. Regarding pharmacological treatment, the "ideal" medication should calm without over-sedate. Generally, oral or inhaled formulations should be preferred over i.m. routes in mildly agitated patients. Intravenous treatments should be avoided."
"Journal Article"	"J. Kongwatcharapong; P. Dilokthornsakul; S. Nathisuwan; A. Phrommintikul; N. Chaiyakunapruk"	"2016"	"Effect of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors on heart failure: A meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials"	"International journal of cardiology"	"211"		"88-95"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26991555"	"10.1016/j.ijcard.2016.02.146"	"Cardiovascular
Dipeptidyl-peptidase-4 inhibitors
Heart failure
Type 2 diabetes mellitus
Adamantane/adverse effects/analogs & derivatives
Dipeptides/adverse effects
Dipeptidyl-Peptidase IV Inhibitors/*adverse effects
Heart Failure/*chemically induced/diagnosis/*epidemiology
Humans
*Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic/methods
Risk Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Recent studies have suggested that dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4 inhibitors) may be associated with increased risk of heart failure (HF), but evidence was inconclusive. We aimed to determine the effects of DPP-4 inhibitors on risk of HF. METHODS: An extensive search in PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, IPA, Cochrane, ClinicalTrial.gov and the manufacturers' websites for randomized controlled trials (RCT) of all DPP-4 inhibitors was performed up to June 2015. All RCTs comparing DPP-4 inhibitors to any comparators with minimum follow-up of 12 weeks were included. The primary outcome was the occurrence of HF. RESULTS: A total of 54 studies with 74,737 participants were included for analysis. Overall, DPP-4 inhibitors were not associated with an increased risk of HF compared to comparators (relative risk (RR) 1.106; 95% CI 0.995-1.228; p=0.062). When analyzed individually, saxagliptin was significantly associated with the increased risk of HF (RR 1.215; 95% CI, 1.028-1.437; p=0.022), while others were not. Age ≥ 6 5 years, diabetes duration of ≥ 10 years and BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2) were associated with an increased risk of HF among patients using saxagliptin. CONCLUSIONS: Our meta-analysis suggested a differential effect of each DPP-4 inhibitor on the risk of HF. Use of saxagliptin significantly increases the risk of HF by 21% especially among patients with high CV risk while no signals were detected with other agents. This information should be taken into consideration when prescribing DDP-4 inhibitors."
"Journal Article"	"S. Jain; R. Khera; S. Girotra; D. Badesch; Z. Wang; M. H. Murad; A. Blevins; G. A. Schmidt; S. Singh; A. K. Gerke"	"2017"	"Comparative Effectiveness of Pharmacologic Interventions for Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis"	"Chest"	"151"	"1"	"90-105"	"American College of Chest Physicians"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27615023
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5310124/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5310124/pdf/main.pdf"	"10.1016/j.chest.2016.08.1461"	"*comparative efficacy
*network meta-analysis
*pulmonary arterial hypertension
*Antihypertensive Agents/classification/pharmacology
Comparative Effectiveness Research
Humans
Hypertension, Pulmonary/*drug therapy
Network Meta-Analysis"	"BACKGROUND: We conducted a systematic review and network meta-analysis to examine comparative efficacy and tolerability of pharmacologic interventions for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). METHODS: MEDLINE, the Cochrane Register, EMBASE, CINAHL, and clinicaltrials.gov were searched (January 1, 1990 to March 3, 2016). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) studying the approved pharmacologic agents endothelin receptor antagonists (ERA), phosphodiesterase inhibitors (PDE5i), the oral/inhaled (PO/INH) and IV/subcutaneous (SC) prostanoids, and riociguat and selexipag, alone or in combination, for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and reporting at least one efficacy outcome were selected. RESULTS: Thirty-one RCTs with 6,565 patients were selected. In network meta-analysis, when compared with a median placebo rate of 14.5%, clinical worsening was estimated at 2.8% with riociguat (risk ratio [RR], 0.19; 95% CI, 0.05-0.76); at 3.9% with ERA + PDE5i (RR, 0.27; 95% CI, 0.14-0.52), and at 5.7% with PDE5i (RR, 0.39; 95% CI, 0.24-0.62). For improvement in functional status, when compared with 16.2% in the placebo group, improvement in at least one New York Heart Association/World Health Organization (NYHA/WHO) functional class was estimated at 81.8% with IV/SC prostanoids (RR, 5.06; 95% CI, 2.3211.04), at 28.3% with ERA + PDE5i (RR, 1.75; 95% CI, 1.05-2.92), and at 25.2% with ERA (RR, 1.56; 95% CI, 1.22-2.00). Differences in mortality were not significant. Adverse events leading to discontinuation of therapy were highest with the PO/INH prostanoids (RR, 2.92; 95% CI, 1.68-5.06) and selexipag (RR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.04-3.88) compared with placebo. CONCLUSIONS: Currently approved pharmacologic agents have varying effects on morbidity and functional status in patients with PAH. Future comparative effectiveness trials are warranted with a focus on a patient-centered approach to therapy. REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42016036803."
"Journal Article"	"E. A. Blake; M. Kodama; M. Yunokawa; M. S. Ross; Y. Ueda; B. H. Grubbs; K. Matsuo"	"2015"	"Feto-maternal outcomes of pregnancy complicated by epithelial ovarian cancer: a systematic review of literature"	"European journal of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive biology"	"186"		"97-105"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25668134"	"10.1016/j.ejogrb.2015.01.010"	"Epithelial ovarian cancer
Ovarian cancer
Pregnancy
Review
Abortion, Therapeutic
Antineoplastic Agents/adverse effects
Carcinoma, Ovarian Epithelial
Female
Humans
Infant, Newborn
Live Birth
Maternal Death/etiology
Neoplasm Staging
Neoplasms, Glandular and Epithelial/complications/*mortality/*pathology/therapy
Ovarian Neoplasms/complications/*mortality/*pathology/therapy
Perinatal Death/etiology
Pregnancy Complications, Neoplastic/*mortality/*pathology/therapy
Pregnancy Trimesters
Survival
Tumor Burden"	"Although cancer diagnosed during pregnancy is rare, epithelial cell type ovarian cancers (EOCs) comprise approximately one quarter to one half of cases of ovarian malignancy diagnosed during pregnancy. The behavior of EOC during pregnancy and its implications for maternal and fetal outcomes is not well understood. In order to better define these outcomes, a systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed/MEDLINE using entry keywords "pregnancy" and "ovarian cancer" for the period from 1955 to 2013. The literature search identified 105 cases eligible for analysis. Clinical characteristics, pregnancy outcome, tumor characteristics, clinical management, and survival outcomes were all evaluated. Serious adverse events were defined as complications related to EOC that resulted in severe morbidity or mortality for the mother and/or fetus. The mean age of cases was 31.6 years. The most common histology was serous (47.6%), followed by mucinous (27.6%) and endometrioid types (10.5%). The most common presenting symptom was abdominal or pelvic pain (26.7%) while incidentally detected tumors accounted for one third of cases. The majority of cases were stage I at diagnosis (63.8%) followed by stage III disease (24.8%), and the median tumor size was 12cm. Live births occurred in 81.3% of cases, and of the remainder 72.2% were due to elective termination. Intrapartum surgery primarily took place in the second trimester (43%) with fetal conservation in 61.9% of operations. Over half of cases received chemotherapy (55.2%), approximately one third of which received it during the pregnancy (36.2%). Among the 21 cases treated with chemotherapy during pregnancy, there was no association with small for gestational age or fetal malformations. Serious adverse events occurred in 21.9% of cases, of which the most common was tumor rupture during pregnancy (10.5%). Three (2.9%) maternal death following surgery during pregnancy and five (6.4%) neonatal deaths were reported. Gestational age at tumor diagnosis (2-year overall survival rate, 1st trimester 94.6%, 2nd trimester 88.8%, and 3rd trimester 72.9%, p=0.041) type of histology (serous 88.1%, mucinous 84.6%, endometrioid 89.5%, clear cell 100%, mixed type 75.0%, and undifferentiated 30.0%, p<0.01), stage (stage I 96.9%, stage II 85.7%, stage III 56.3%, and stage IV 25.0%, p<0.01), and serious adverse events (yes versus no, 68.1% versus 92.2%, p=0.041) were significantly related to maternal overall survival in univariate analysis. In multivariate analysis, stage III/IV disease remained the independent prognostic factor associated with decreased maternal overall survival (stage III, hazard ratio 44.6, p<0.01; and stage IV, hazard ratio 399, p<0.01). In conclusion, although the majority of EOC cases during pregnancy resulted in live birth, maternal and neonatal mortality needs to be considered in the counseling and management of these pregnancies."
"Journal Article"	"E. Somes; J. Dukes; A. Brungardt; S. Jordan; K. DeSanto; C. D. Jones; U. J. Sanghvi; K. Breathett; J. Jones; H. D. Lum"	"2018"	"Perceptions of trained laypersons in end-of-life or advance care planning conversations: a qualitative meta-synthesis"	"BMC palliative care"	"17"	"1"	"98-119"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30081957
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6080535/"	"10.1186/s12904-018-0354-9"	"Advance care planning
Communication
Hospice care
Lay health navigators
Palliative care
Peer educators
Terminal care
Volunteers
Advance Care Planning/*standards
Humans
Palliative Care/methods/*psychology
*Perception
Qualitative Research
Volunteers/*psychology"	"BACKGROUND: Laypersons including volunteers, community health navigators, or peer educators provide important support to individuals with serious illnesses in community or healthcare settings. The experiences of laypersons in communication with seriously ill peers is unknown. METHODS: We performed an ENTREQ-guided qualitative meta-synthesis. We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, and AMED to include qualitative studies with data regarding communication and laypersons in advance care planning, palliative care, or end-of-life settings. Study quality was appraised using a standardized tool. The analysis identified key domains and associated themes relating specifically to laypersons' perspectives on communication. RESULTS: Of 877 articles, nine studies provided layperson quotations related to layperson-to-peer communication associated with advance care planning (n = 4) or end-of-life conversations (n = 5). The studies were conducted in United Kingdom (n = 4) or United States settings (n = 5). The synthesis of layperson perspectives yielded five main domains: 1) layperson-to-peer communication, focusing on the experience of talking with peers, 2) layperson-to-peer interpersonal interactions, focusing on the entire interaction between the layperson and peers, excluding communication-related issues, 3) personal impact on the layperson, 4) layperson contributions, and 5) layperson training. Laypersons described using specific communication skills including the ability to build rapport, discuss sensitive issues, listen and allow silence, and respond to emotions. CONCLUSIONS: Published studies described experiences of trained laypersons in conversations with peers related to advance care planning or end-of-life situations. Based on these layperson perspectives related to communication, programs should next evaluate the potential impact of laypersons in meaningful conversations."
"Journal Article"	"E. Reno; T. L. Brown; M. E. Betz; M. H. Allen; L. Hoffecker; J. Reitinger; R. Roach; B. Honigman"	"2018"	"Suicide and High Altitude: An Integrative Review"	"High altitude medicine & biology"	"19"	"2"	"99-108"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29161114"	"10.1089/ham.2016.0131"	"*depression
*high altitude
*mental health
*suicide
*Altitude
Altitude Sickness/*psychology
Depression/*psychology
Female
Humans
Male
Suicide/*statistics & numerical data"	"Reno, Elaine, Talia L. Brown, Marian E. Betz, Michael H. Allen, Lilian Hoffecker, Jeremy Reitinger, Robert Roach, and Benjamin Honigman. Suicide and high altitude: an integrative review. High Alt Med Biol 19:99-108, 2018. INTRODUCTION: Suicide rates are greater at high altitudes, and multiple mechanisms have been suggested for this relationship, including hypoxia, differences in population density, characteristics of suicide victims, and firearms ownership and access. To better understand these potential mechanisms, studies evaluating the associations between high altitude and suicide were examined. METHODS: A literature review of published studies on high altitude and suicide was conducted in Medline, Embase, Web of Science, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and the Cochrane CENTRAL database. We extracted and analyzed all studies that met the inclusion criteria, excluding foreign language studies and letters. Most of the measurements and results were synthesized using modified Letts' criteria. RESULTS: Searches using an extensive list of keywords returned 470 articles, but only 6 met the inclusion criteria. The studies' samples ranged in size from 8871 to 596,704, while studies which did not document sample size reported suicide rates. In five of the studies selected, individuals living at high altitudes were at greater risk of suicide. Four studies used aggregated data at a county or state level to analyze variables, such as age, gender, race, socioeconomic factors, and firearms access. All the studies found that high altitude was independently associated with suicide. One study found that many individual characteristics of those who committed suicide were different at high altitudes than low altitude, including a lack of access or barriers to mental healthcare. Depression exacerbated by hypoxia was hypothesized as a possible biologic mechanism in three studies. CONCLUSION: These research studies published since 2009 support an association between high altitude and suicide rates at the state or county level, but do not provide sufficient data to estimate the effect of high altitude on an individuals' suicide risk. Although the impact of hypoxia on mood and depression has been hypothesized to be a contributing cause, many other individual factors likely play more important roles."
"Journal Article"	"K. Pak; S. Shin; S. J. Kim; I. J. Kim; S. Chang; P. Koo; J. Kwak; J. H. Kim"	"2018"	"Response of Retinoic Acid in Patients with Radioactive Iodine-Refractory Thyroid Cancer: A Meta-Analysis"	"Oncology Research and Treatment"	"41"	"3"	"100-104"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000427011300002"	"10.1159/000484206"	"Retinoids
Meta-analysis
Thyroid neoplasm
Iodine radioisotopes
Cell
differentiation
histone deacetylase inhibitor
acute promyelocytic leukemia
redifferentiation therapy
13-cis-retinoic acid
radioiodine uptake
cell-lines
phase-ii
carcinoma
papillary
differentiation
Oncology"	"Purpose: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the response of retinoic acid (RA) in radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC). Methods: Systematic searches of MEDLINE (from inception to December 2016) and of EMBASE (from inception to December 2016) were performed for English-language publications on thyroid cancer treated with RA. Studies were classified according to the response criteria used: (1) 123I or I-131 whole body scintigraphy (WBS), (2) serum thyroglobulin (Tg) level, (3) the response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) version 1.0, and (4) World Health Organization (WHO) criteria. Results: Disease response rates as determined by WBS ranged widely between 6.2% and 46.1% with a pooled disease response rate of 27.6% (95% confidence interval: 21.7-34.0%). Response rates as determined by Tg level ranged from 56.6% to 83.3% (pooled response rate 61.3% (51.0-70.9%)), RECIST response rates from 0% to 45.5% (pooled response rate 17.0% (1.4-44.5%)), and according to WHO criteria, the pooled response rate was 30.8% (12.7-52.7%). Conclusions: A minority of patients with RAI-refractory DTC respond to RA treatment. (c) 2018 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg"
"Journal Article"	"L. T. Wasson; J. A. Shaffer; D. Edmondson; R. Bring; E. Brondolo; L. Falzon; B. Konrad; I. M. Kronish"	"2018"	"Posttraumatic stress disorder and nonadherence to medications prescribed for chronic medical conditions: A meta-analysis"	"Journal of Psychiatric Research"	"102"		"102-109"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000438660500016"	"10.1016/j.jpsychires.2018.02.013"	"acute coronary syndrome
primary-care
antiretroviral adherence
myocardial-infarction
illness beliefs
heart-disease
war veterans
health-care
symptoms
ptsd
Psychiatry"	"Background: Patients with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are at increased risk for adverse consequences from comorbid medical conditions. Nonadherence to medications prescribed to treat those comorbid conditions may help explain this increased risk. We sought to determine the association between PTSD and medication nonadherence and whether it varied according to the type of event inducing the PTSD. Methods: Prospective observational cohort or cross-sectional studies relating PTSD and nonadherence among adults prescribed medications for a chronic medical illness were identified by searching MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, the Cochrane Library, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and the PILOTS Database and by hand-searching bibliographies from selected articles. Individual estimates of odds ratios were pooled using random effects metaanalysis with inverse variance weighting. Articles were pooled separately according to whether PTSD was induced by a medical versus non-medical event. Outcomes: Sixteen articles comprising 4483 patients met eligibility criteria. The pooled effect size of the risk of PTSD to medication nonadherence was OR 1.22 (95% CI, 1.06-1.41). Among the 6 studies of medical event-induced PTSD, the OR was 2.08 (95% CI, 1.03-4.18); p = 0.04. Among the 8 studies in which PTSD was not induced by a medical event, the OR was 1.10 (95% CI, 0.99-1.24); p = 0.09. Interpretation: Patients with PTSD were more likely to be nonadherent to medications prescribed for chronic medical conditions - an association that may exist specifically when PTSD was induced by a medical event. Medications may serve as aversive reminders among survivors of acute medical events, magnifying avoidance behaviors characteristic of PTSD."
"Journal Article"	"N. B. Thorne; T. K. Soderborg; J. J. Glover; L. Hoffecker; M. Guiahi"	"2019"	"Reproductive Health Care in Catholic Facilities: A Scoping Review"	"Obstetrics and gynecology"	"133"	"1"	"105-115"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30531578"	"10.1097/AOG.0000000000003029"		"OBJECTIVE: Given the rise in Catholic ownership of U.S. health care facilities, we aimed to examine reproductive health care provision and patient outcomes. We performed a scoping review, which maps the literature and considers inclusion of studies that are not specifically quantitative. DATA SOURCES: We searched five databases (MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science and Cochrane Library, ClinialTrials.gov) from inception through August 2018 using terms related to reproductive health care and religion. METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: We screened 2,906 studies. Articles were included if in English, included primary research data, and referenced U.S.-based Catholic facilities. We reviewed the reference lists of included articles. We excluded articles that addressed the relationship of patient or health care provider religion to provision of reproductive services, described reproductive health care services in non-Catholic facilities, or reported legal cases or concerns. Two independent reviewers screened all citations, a third reviewer resolved differences, and all three reviewers categorized included citations. TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: We included 27 studies. Investigators most commonly focused on the provision of emergency contraception (n=9) or other contraceptive and sterilization methods (n=7); few focused on a range of family planning methods (n=3), natural family planning (n=2), ectopic pregnancy management (n=2), abortion care (n=2), miscarriage management (n=1), and infertility care (n=1). The most common study designs were cross-sectional (18/27 [67%]) and qualitative investigations (6/27 [22%]). Common data collection approaches included surveys, interviews, and mystery caller designs. Two studies involved authors with Catholic hospital affiliations and one of these reported patient outcomes; no other patient outcome reports were found. Studies cited restrictions to care in comparison with non-Catholic settings and multisite studies demonstrated variable rates of provision of reproductive health services across Catholic sites. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the significant proportion and recent growth of Catholic health care within the U.S. health care sector, little is known about reproductive health outcomes in these settings and in comparison with other settings."
"Journal Article"	"G. Ellis; M. Gardner; A. Tsiachristas; P. Langhorne; O. Burke; R. H. Harwood; S. P. Conroy; T. Kircher; D. Somme; I. Saltvedt; H. Wald; D. O'Neill; D. Robinson; S. Shepperd"	"2017"	"Comprehensive geriatric assessment for older adults admitted to hospital"	"Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews"		"9"	"110"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000411959500053"	"10.1002/14651858.CD006211.pub3"	"randomized controlled-trial
controlled clinical-trial
post-acute care
consultation team
cost-effectiveness
functional status
assessment
intervention
interdisciplinary team
occupational-therapy
assessment
program
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background Comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA) is a multi-dimensional, multi-disciplinary diagnostic and therapeutic process conducted to determine the medical, mental, and functional problems of older people with frailty so that a co-ordinated and integrated plan for treatment and follow-up can be developed. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane review. Objectives We sought to critically appraise and summarise current evidence on the effectiveness and resource use of CGA for older adults admitted to hospital, and to use these data to estimate its cost-effectiveness. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, three other databases, and two trials registers on 5 October 2016; we also checked reference lists and contacted study authors. Selection criteria We included randomised trials that compared inpatient CGA (delivered on geriatric wards or by mobile teams) versus usual care on a general medical ward or on a ward for older people, usually admitted to hospital for acute care or for inpatient rehabilitation after an acute admission. Data collection and analysis We followed standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane and Effective Practice and Organisation of Care (EPOC). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence for the most important outcomes. For this update, we requested individual patient data (IPD) from trialists, and we conducted a survey of trialists to obtain details of delivery of CGA. We calculated risk ratios (RRs), mean differences (MDs), or standardised mean differences (SMDs), and combined data using fixed-effect meta-analysis. We estimated cost-effectiveness by comparing inpatient CGA versus hospital admission without CGA in terms of cost per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) gained, cost per life year (LY) gained, and cost per life year living at home (LYLAH) gained. Main results We included 29 trials recruiting 13,766 participants across nine, mostly high-income countries. CGA increases the likelihood that patients will be alive and in their own homes at 3 to 12 months' follow-up (risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01 to 1.10; 16 trials, 6799 participants; high-certainty evidence), results in little or no difference in mortality at 3 to 12 months' follow-up (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.07; 21 trials, 10,023 participants; high-certainty evidence), decreases the likelihood that patients will be admitted to a nursing home at 3 to 12 months follow-up (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.89; 14 trials, 6285 participants; high-certainty evidence) and results in little or no difference in dependence (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.89 to 1.04; 14 trials, 6551 participants; high-certainty evidence). CGA may make little or no difference to cognitive function (SMD ranged from -0.22 to 0.35 (5 trials, 3534 participants; low-certainty evidence)). Mean length of stay ranged from 1.63 days to 40.7 days in the intervention group, and ranged from 1.8 days to 42.8 days in the comparison group. Healthcare costs per participant in the CGA group were on average GBP 234 (95% CI GBP -144 to GBP 605) higher than in the usual care group (17 trials, 5303 participants; low-certainty evidence). CGA may lead to a slight increase in QALYs of 0.012 (95% CI -0.024 to 0.048) at GBP 19,802 per QALY gained (3 trials; low-certainty evidence), a slight increase in LYs of 0.037 (95% CI 0.001 to 0.073), at GBP 6305 per LY gained (4 trials; low-certainty evidence), and a slight increase in LYLAH of 0.019 (95% CI -0.019 to 0.155) at GBP 12,568 per LYLAH gained (2 trials; low-certainty evidence). The probability that CGA would be cost-effective at a GBP 20,000 ceiling ratio for QALY, LY, and LYLAH was 0.50, 0.89, and 0.47, respectively (17 trials, 5303 participants; low-certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Older patients are more likely to be alive and in their own homes at follow-up if they received CGA on admission to hospital. We are uncertain whether data show a difference in effect between wards and teams, as this analysis was underpowered. CGA may lead to a small increase i costs, and evidence for cost-effectiveness is of low-certainty due to imprecision and inconsistency among studies. Further research that reports cost estimates that are setting-specific across different sectors of care are required."
"Journal Article"	"J. O. H. Glenn; P. E. Wischmeyer"	"2014"	"Enteral fish oil in critical illness: perspectives and systematic review"	"Current opinion in clinical nutrition and metabolic care"	"17"	"2"	"116-123"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24500437"	"10.1097/MCO.0000000000000039"	"Critical Care
Critical Illness/*therapy
Dietary Supplements
*Enteral Nutrition
Fatty Acids, Omega-3/administration & dosage/therapeutic use
Fish Oils/administration & dosage/*therapeutic use
Humans
Nutritional Status
Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult/*therapy
Systemic Inflammatory Response Syndrome/*therapy"	"PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To summarize recent research addressing the role of enteral fish oil supplementation in critical illness. RECENT FINDINGS: A number of new multicenter trials examining both the use of fish oil given as a supplement to enteral nutrition support and given as a separate bolus, independent of nutrition delivery, have recently been reported. SUMMARY: Mechanistic data suggest that administration of fish oil may help attenuate the systemic inflammatory response and allow for appropriate resolution of inflammation in critically ill patients. Recent data indicate that enteral fish oil given as a continuous infusion as part of complete nutrition improves outcome in critically ill patients, especially those with acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome. In contrast, the bolus administration of fish oil cannot be recommended as clinically beneficial in acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome patients. Recent trials indicate that pharmacologically administered nutrients should be studied in the same manner as other new drugs, with appropriate attention to early dosing trials, proper pre-enrollment patient selection, and understanding of the role of concomitant protein/calorie nutrition. More research continues to be needed to optimize the proper patient, dose, and timing of administration for enteral fish oil therapy in the ICU."
"Journal Article"	"G. T. Capone; B. Chicoine; P. Bulova; M. Stephens; S. Hart; B. Crissman; A. Videlefsky; K. Myers; N. Roizen; A. Esbensen; M. Peterson; S. Santoro; J. Woodward; B. Martin; D. Smith; D.-U. S. A. A. H. C. W. Down Syndrome Medical Interest Group"	"2018"	"Co-occurring medical conditions in adults with Down syndrome: A systematic review toward the development of health care guidelines"	"American journal of medical genetics. Part A"	"176"	"1"	"116-133"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29130597
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/ajmg.a.38512"	"10.1002/ajmg.a.38512"	"*Down syndrome
*adult health conditions
*aging
*clinical practice guidelines
*evidence-based medicine
*literature review
*trisomy 21
Adult
Age Factors
Biomedical Research
Comorbidity
Delivery of Health Care
Disease Management
Down Syndrome/*epidemiology/therapy
Evidence-Based Medicine
Humans
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Prevalence"	"Adults with Down syndrome (DS) represent a unique population who are in need of clinical guidelines to address their medical care. The United States Preventive Service Task Force (USPSTF) has developed criteria for prioritizing conditions of public health importance with the potential for providing screening recommendations to improve clinical care. The quality of existing evidence needed to inform clinical guidelines has not been previously reviewed. Using the National Library of Medicine (NLM) database PubMed, we first identified 18 peer reviewed articles that addressed co-occurring medical conditions in adults with DS. Those conditions discussed in over half of the articles were prioritized for further review. Second, we performed detailed literature searches on these specific conditions. To inform the search strategy and review process a series of key questions were formulated a priori. The quality of available evidence was then graded and knowledge gaps were identified. The number of participating adults and the design of clinical studies varied by condition and were often inadequate for answering all of our key questions. We provide data on thyroid disease, cervical spine disease, hearing impairment, overweight-obesity, sleep apnea, congenital heart disease, and osteopenia-osteoporosis. Minimal evidence demonstrates massive gaps in our clinical knowledge that compromises clinical decision-making and management of these medically complex individuals. The development of evidence-based clinical guidance will require an expanded clinical knowledge-base in order to move forward."
"Journal Article"	"E. J. Carlton; A. P. Woster; P. DeWitt; R. S. Goldstein; K. Levy"	"2016"	"A systematic review and meta-analysis of ambient temperature and diarrhoeal diseases"	"International Journal of Epidemiology"	"45"	"1"	"117-130"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000374230100019"	"10.1093/ije/dyv296"	"Ambient temperature
weather
diarrhoea
climate change
vulnerability
time-series analysis
robust variance-estimation
climate variability
global burden
developing-countries
weather variability
meta-regression
21 regions
rotavirus
transmission
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health"	"Background: Global climate change is expected to increase the risk of diarrhoeal diseases, a leading cause of childhood mortality. However, there is considerable uncertainty about the magnitude of these effects and which populations bear the greatest risks. Methods: We conducted a systematic review using defined search terms across four major databases and, additionally, examined the references of 54 review articles captured by the search. We evaluated sources of heterogeneity by pathogen taxon, exposure measure, study quality, country income level and regional climate, and estimated pooled effect estimates for the subgroups identified in the heterogeneity analysis, using meta-analysis methods. Results: We identified 26 studies with 49 estimates. Pathogen taxa were a source of heterogeneity. There was a positive association between ambient temperature and all-cause diarrhoea (incidence rate ratio (IRR) 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.03, 1.10) and bacterial diarrhoea (IRR 1.07; 95% CI 1.04, 1.10), but not viral diarrhoea (IRR 0.96; 95% CI 0.82, 1.11). These associations were observed in low-, middle- and high-income countries. Only one study of protozoan diarrhoea was identified. Conclusions: Changes in temperature due to global climate change can and may already be affecting diarrhoeal disease incidence. The vulnerability of populations may depend, in part, on local pathogen distribution. However, evidence of publication bias and the uneven geographical distribution of studies limit the precision and generalizability of the pooled estimates."
"Journal Article"	"S. Stortecky; B. R. da Costa; H. P. Mattle; J. Carroll; M. Hornung; H. Sievert; S. Trelle; S. Windecker; B. Meier; P. Jüni"	"2015"	"Percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale in patients with cryptogenic embolism: a network meta-analysis"	"European heart journal"	"36"	"2"	"120-128"	"Centre for Reviews and Dissemination (UK)"	"York (UK)"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25112661
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK293163/"	"10.1093/eurheartj/ehu292"	"Cryptogenic
Embolism
PFO
Patent foramen ovale
Stroke
Transcatheter closure
Adult
Atrial Fibrillation/etiology/therapy
Balloon Occlusion/instrumentation
Cardiovascular Agents/therapeutic use
Embolism, Paradoxical/*complications
Female
Foramen Ovale, Patent/complications/*therapy
Humans
Male
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Septal Occluder Device
Stroke/etiology/prevention & control
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Up to 40% of ischaemic strokes are cryptogenic. A strong association between cryptogenic stroke and the prevalence of patent foramen ovale (PFO) suggests paradoxical embolism via PFO as a potential cause. Randomized trials failed to demonstrate superiority of PFO closure over medical therapy. METHODS AND RESULTS: Randomized trials comparing percutaneous PFO closure against medical therapy or devices head-to-head published or presented by March 2013 were identified through a systematic search. We performed a network meta-analysis to determine the effectiveness and safety of PFO closure with different devices when compared with medical therapy. We included four randomized trials (2963 patients with 9309 patient-years). Investigated devices were Amplatzer (AMP), STARFlex (STF), and HELEX (HLX). Patients allocated to PFO closure with AMP were less likely to experience a stroke than patients allocated to medical therapy [rate ratio (RR) 0.39; 95% CI: 0.17-0.84]. No significant differences were found for STF (RR 1.01; 95% CI: 0.44-2.41), and HLX (RR, 0.71; 95% CI: 0.17-2.78) when compared with medical therapy. The probability to be best in preventing strokes was 77.1% for AMP, 20.9% for HLX, 1.7% for STF, and 0.4% for medical therapy. No significant differences were found for transient ischaemic attack and death. The risk of new-onset atrial fibrillation was more pronounced for STF (RR 7.67; 95% CI: 3.25-19.63), than AMP (RR 2.14; 95% CI: 1.00-4.62) and HLX (RR 1.33; 95%-CI 0.33-4.50), when compared with medical therapy. CONCLUSIONS: The effectiveness of PFO closure depends on the device used. PFO closure with AMP appears superior to medical therapy in preventing strokes in patients with cryptogenic embolism."
"Journal Article"	"J. T. Hua; K. L. Hildreth; V. S. Pelak"	"2016"	"Effects of Testosterone Therapy on Cognitive Function in Aging: A Systematic Review"	"Cognitive and behavioral neurology : official journal of the Society for Behavioral and Cognitive Neurology"	"29"	"3"	"122-138"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27662450
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5079177/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5079177/pdf/nihms813981.pdf"	"10.1097/WNN.0000000000000104"	"Aged
Aging/*drug effects
Androgens/*pharmacology
Cognition/*drug effects
Humans
Male
Testosterone/*pharmacology"	"Endogenous testosterone in the aging man has been scrutinized extensively in regard to its effects on performance in many cognitive domains, especially verbal fluency, visuospatial and visuoperceptual abilities, memory, and executive function. Studies of testosterone supplementation have sought to identify potential cognitive improvements in men with and without baseline cognitive impairment, and have had a wide range of results. The variability in outcomes is likely related, in part, to the lack of consensus on methods for testosterone measurement and supplementation and, in part, to the disparate measures of cognitive function used in randomized controlled studies. Despite the limitations imposed by such inconsistent methods, promising associations have been found between cognition and testosterone supplementation in both eugonadal men and men with low testosterone levels, with and without baseline cognitive dysfunction. This systematic review highlights the cognitive measures used in and the outcomes of existing studies of testosterone and cognition in aging men. The review suggests that larger studies and a more standardized approach to assessment will be needed before we can fully understand and realize sustained benefits from testosterone supplementation in the elderly male population, particularly given the substantial increase in testosterone supplementation in clinical practice."
"Journal Article"	"M.-O. Kim; X. Wang; C. Liu; K. Dorris; M. Fouladi; S. Song"	"2017"	"Random-effects meta-analysis for systematic reviews of phase I clinical trials: Rare events and missing data"	"Research synthesis methods"	"8"	"2"	"124-135"	"John Wiley and Sons Inc."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27285532
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5149121/"	"10.1002/jrsm.1209"	"meta-analysis
missing data
semi-parametric Bayesian analysis
sparse outcomes
systematic review
Bayes Theorem
Clinical Trials as Topic
Clinical Trials, Phase I as Topic
Data Accuracy
Humans
*Meta-Analysis as Topic"	"Phase I trials aim to establish appropriate clinical and statistical parameters to guide future clinical trials. With individual trials typically underpowered, systematic reviews and meta-analysis are desired to assess the totality of evidence. A high percentage of zero or missing outcomes often complicate such efforts. We use a systematic review of pediatric phase I oncology trials as an example and illustrate the utility of advanced Bayesian analysis. Standard random-effects methods rely on the exchangeability of individual trial effects, typically assuming that a common normal distribution sufficiently describes random variation among the trial level effects. Summary statistics of individual trial data may become undefined with zero counts, and this assumption may not be readily examined. We conduct Bayesian semi-parametric analysis with a Dirichlet process prior and examine the assumption. The Bayesian semi-parametric analysis is also useful for visually summarizing individual trial data. It provides alternative statistics that are computed free of distributional assumptions about the shape of the population of trial level effects. Outcomes are rarely entirely missing in clinical trials. We utilize available information and conduct Bayesian incomplete data analysis. The advanced Bayesian analyses, although illustrated with the specific example, are generally applicable. © 2016 The Authors. Research Synthesis Methods Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd."
"Journal Article"	"N. Vale; A. J. Nordmann; G. G. Schwartz; J. de Lemos; F. Colivicchi; F. den Hartog; P. Ostadal; S. M. Macin; A. H. Liem; E. J. Mills; N. Bhatnagar; H. C. Bucher; M. Briel"	"2014"	"Statins for acute coronary syndrome"	"Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews"		"9"	"125"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000347645800034"	"10.1002/14651858.CD006870.pub3"	"Acute Coronary Syndrome [drug therapy
mortality]
Angina, Unstable
[prevention & control]
Cardiovascular Diseases [mortality]
Cause of
Death
Drug Administration Schedule
Heart Failure [prevention &
control]
Hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA Reductase Inhibitors [adverse
effects
therapeutic use]
Myocardial Infarction [prevention & control]
Myocardial Revascularization [utilization]
Randomized Controlled Trials
as Topic
Stroke [prevention & control]
Humans
acute myocardial-infarction
placebo-controlled trial
lipid-lowering
therapy
randomized controlled-trials
dose atorvastatin treatment
unstable angina-pectoris
term clinical-outcomes
adverse cardiac
events
heart-disease
double-blind
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background The early period following the onset of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) represents a critical stage of coronary heart disease, with a high risk of recurrent events and deaths. The short-term effects of early treatment with statins on patient-relevant outcomes in patients suffering from ACS are unclear. This is an update of a review previously published in 2011. Objectives To assess the effects, both harms and benefits, of early administered statins in patients with ACS, in terms of mortality and cardiovascular events. Search methods We updated the searches of CENTRAL (2013, Issue 3), MEDLINE (Ovid) (1946 to April Week 1 2013), EMBASE (Ovid) (1947 to 2013 Week 14), and CINAHL (EBSCO) (1938 to 2013) on 12 April 2013. We applied no language restrictions. We supplemented the search by contacting experts in the field, by reviewing the reference lists of reviews and editorials on the topic, and by searching trial registries. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing statins with placebo or usual care, with initiation of statin therapy within 14 days following the onset of ACS, follow-up of at least 30 days, and reporting at least one clinical outcome. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed risk of bias and extracted data. We calculated risk ratios (RRs) for all outcomes in the treatment and control groups and pooled data using random-effects models. Main results Eighteen studies (14,303 patients) compared early statin treatment versus placebo or no treatment in patients with ACS. The new search did not identify any new studies for inclusion. There were some concerns about risk of bias and imprecision of summary estimates. Based on moderate quality evidence, early statin therapy did not decrease the combined primary outcome of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, and stroke at one month (risk ratio (RR) 0.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.08) or four months (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.06) of follow-up when compared to placebo or no treatment. There were no statistically significant risk reductions from statins for total death, total myocardial infarction, total stroke, cardiovascular death, revascularization procedures, and acute heart failure at one month or at four months, although there were favorable trends related to statin use for each of these endpoints. Moderate quality evidence suggests that the incidence of unstable angina was significantly reduced at four months following ACS (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.96). There were nine individuals with myopathy (elevated creatinine kinase levels more than 10 times the upper limit of normal) in statin-treated patients (0.13%) versus one (0.015%) in the control groups. Serious muscle toxicity was mostly limited to patients treated with simvastatin 80 mg. Authors' conclusions Based on moderate quality evidence, due to concerns about risk of bias and imprecision, initiation of statin therapy within 14 days following ACS does not reduce death, myocardial infarction, or stroke up to four months, but reduces the occurrence of unstable angina at four months following ACS. Serious side effects were rare."
"Journal Article"	"S. De; R. Autorino; F. J. Kim; H. Zargar; H. Laydner; R. Balsamo; F. C. Torricelli; C. Di Palma; W. R. Molina; M. Monga; M. De Sio"	"2015"	"Percutaneous nephrolithotomy versus retrograde intrarenal surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"European urology"	"67"	"1"	"125-137"		"Switzerland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25064687"	"10.1016/j.eururo.2014.07.003"	"Flexible ureteroscopy
Meta-analysis
Miniperc
Percutaneous nephrolithotomy
Renal stones
Retrograde intrarenal surgery
Blood Loss, Surgical
Humans
Kidney Calculi/*surgery
Length of Stay
Nephrostomy, Percutaneous/adverse effects/*methods
Treatment Outcome"	"CONTEXT: Recent advances in technology have led to the implementation of mini- and micro-percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) as well as retrograde intrarenal surgery (RIRS) in the management of kidney stones. OBJECTIVE: To provide a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing RIRS with PCNL techniques for the treatment of kidney stones. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A systematic literature review was performed in March 2014 using the PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases to identify relevant studies. Article selection proceeded according to the search strategy based on Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analysis criteria. A subgroup analysis was performed comparing standard PCNL and minimally invasive percutaneous procedures (MIPPs) including mini-PCNL and micro-PCNL with RIRS, separately. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Two randomised and eight nonrandomised studies were analysed. PCNL techniques provided a significantly higher stone-free rate (weighted mean difference [WMD]: 2.19; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-3.13; p<0.00001) but also higher complication rates (odds ratio [OR]: 1.61; 95% CI, 1.11-2.35; p<0.01) and a larger postoperative decrease in haemoglobin levels (WMD: 0.87; 95% CI, 0.51-1.22; p<0.00001). In contrast, RIRS led to a shorter hospital stay (WMD: 1.28; 95% CI, 0.79-1.77; p<0.0001). At subgroup analysis, RIRS provided a significantly higher stone-free rate than MIPPs (WMD: 1.70; 95% CI, 1.07-2.70; p=0.03) but less than standard PCNL (OR: 4.32; 95% CI, 1.99-9.37; p=0.0002). Hospital stay was shorter for RIRS compared with both MIPPs (WMD: 1.11; 95% CI, 0.39-1.83; p=0.003) and standard PCNL (WMD: 1.84 d; 95% CI, 0.64-3.04; p=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: PCNL is associated with higher stone-free rates at the expense of higher complication rates, blood loss, and admission times. Standard PCNL offers stone-free rates superior to those of RIRS, whereas RIRS provides higher stone free rates than MIPPs. Given the added morbidity and lower efficacy of MIPPs, RIRS should be considered standard therapy for stones <2 cm until appropriate randomised studies are performed. When flexible instruments are not available, standard PCNL should be considered due to the lower efficacy of MIPPs. PATIENT SUMMARY: We searched the literature for studies comparing new minimally invasive techniques for the treatment of kidney stones. The analysis of 10 available studies shows that treatment can be tailored to the patient by balancing the advantages and disadvantages of each technique."
"Journal Article"	"M. Pammi; C. V. Lal; B. D. Wagner; P. M. Mourani; P. Lohmann; R. A. Luna; A. Sisson; B. Shivanna; E. B. Hollister; S. H. Abman; J. Versalovic; G. J. Connett; V. Bhandari; N. Ambalavanan"	"2019"	"Airway Microbiome and Development of Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Preterm Infants: A Systematic Review"	"The Journal of pediatrics"	"204"		"126-133"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30297287"	"10.1016/j.jpeds.2018.08.042"	"*airway
*bronchopulmonary dysplasia
*chronic lung disease
*dysbiosis
*lung
*microbiome
*neonate
*preterm
Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia/*microbiology
Dysbiosis/*complications/genetics
Humans
Infant, Newborn
Infant, Premature
Microbiota/*genetics
Respiratory System/*microbiology"	"OBJECTIVES: To summarize evidence regarding microbial dysbiosis of the airway associated with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) and to explore heterogeneity among studies. STUDY DESIGN: We included studies that evaluated the airway microbiome in preterm infants who developed BPD using culture-independent molecular techniques and reported alpha- and beta-diversity metrics and microbial profiles. RESULTS: The 6 included studies had substantial clinical and methodological heterogeneity. Most studies reported the presence of an airway microbiome early after birth and an evolution in the first weeks of life with increasing bacterial loads. The early airway microbiome was dominated by Staphylococcus and Ureaplasma spp. Two studies reported differences in alpha- and beta- diversity indices in preterm infants with BPD compared with those who did not develop BPD. Increased microbial community turnover, changes in the relative abundance of Proteobacteria and Firmicutes, and decreased Lactobacilli were reported with BPD progression. Most included infants were born by cesarean delivery, and a majority were exposed to postnatal antibiotics. No data regarding feeding human milk or correlations with the development of gut microbiota (gut-lung axis) were available. CONCLUSIONS: Microbial dysbiosis may be associated with BPD progression and severity, and further study of microbiome optimization in preterm infants at risk for BPD is warranted."
"Journal Article"	"M. I. Pinto-Sánchez; E. F. Verdu; E. Liu; P. Bercik; P. H. Green; J. A. Murray; S. Guandalini; P. Moayyedi"	"2016"	"Gluten Introduction to Infant Feeding and Risk of Celiac Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"The Journal of pediatrics"	"168"		"132-43.e3"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26500108"	"10.1016/j.jpeds.2015.09.032"	"*Breast Feeding
Celiac Disease/*epidemiology/etiology
*Feeding Behavior
Glutens/*administration & dosage
Humans
Infant
Observational Studies as Topic
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Risk Assessment"	"OBJECTIVE: To assess the evidence regarding the effect of time of gluten introduction and breastfeeding on the risk of developing celiac disease (CD). STUDY DESIGN: We included randomized controlled trials and observational studies evaluating the proper timing for introducing gluten to the infant diet, the appropriate quantity of gluten consumption at weaning, and the effect of breastfeeding on CD risk. Studies were located through the electronic databases Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (Ovid), EMBASE (Ovid), and System for Information on Grey Literature in Europe (SIGLE). Two independent authors collected the data. RESULTS: A total of 1982 studies were identified, 15 of which were eligible for data extraction. A meta-analysis was performed on 2 randomized controlled trials, 10 cohort studies, and 1 case-control study. There was a 25% increase in CD risk with late (>6 months) vs recommended (4-6 months) gluten introduction (risk ratio [RR], 1.25; 95% CI, 1.08-1.45). There was no significant effect of breastfeeding vs no breastfeeding on CD risk (OR, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.28-1.10), with substantial heterogeneity (I(2) = 92%) among studies. CONCLUSION: There is currently no evidence to support that early introduction of gluten to the infant diet increases the risk of CD; however, late introduction of gluten may be associated with increased risk of CD. More studies are needed that control for potential confounders and that evaluate environmental factors in low-risk families."
"Journal Article"	"A. J. Hoopes; P. Agarwal; S. Bull; V. Chandra-Mouli"	"2016"	"Measuring adolescent friendly health services in India: A scoping review of evaluations"	"Reproductive health"	"13"	"1"	"137-165"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27846848
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5111259/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5111259/pdf/12978_2016_Article_251.pdf"	"10.1186/s12978-016-0251-8"	"*Adolescent friendly health services
*Adolescent sexual and reproductive health
*Contraception
*India
*Programme evaluation
*Reproductive health services
*Systematic review
Adolescent
Health Services/*standards
Health Services Accessibility
Humans
India
National Health Programs/*standards
Organizations/standards
*Program Evaluation
Reproductive Health Services/*standards
Sexual Behavior"	"BACKGROUND: Initiatives to promote adolescent friendly health services (AFHS) have been taking place in India and many low- and middle-income countries for nearly two decades. Evaluations of these initiatives have been placed in the public arena from time to time, but little is known about what they say about the overall situation on AFHS in India. This study aimed to describe how efforts to provide AFHS in India have been evaluated, how well they have been evaluated, and what their findings and implications are. METHODS: We conducted a scoping review of evaluations of AFHS initiatives in India from 2000 to 2014. An electronic search was carried out in Medline and EMBASE. A manual search of grey literature was also performed, and experts were contacted in order to obtain additional manuscripts and reports. RESULTS: Thirty evaluation reports were identified representing a broad geographic distribution. Evaluations have focused on government-sponsored AFHS programmes or independent non-governmental organization (NGO) initiatives to strengthen government services. The evaluations primarily measured programme outputs (e.g. quality and service utilization) and health behavioural outcomes (e.g. condom use). Study designs were commonly descriptive or quasi-experimental. Most evaluations found improvement in quality and utilization of services, and some demonstrated an increase in adolescent knowledge or health behaviours. Few measured positive project/programme results such as older age at first pregnancy. Strengths of evaluations were clear objectives, frequent use of multiple data sources, and assessment of programmatic outputs as well as health outcomes. Weaknesses were lack of consistency and quality. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings confirm that a number of evaluations of AFHS initiatives in India have been carried out. They point to service quality and in behavioural improvements in adolescents. However, their lack of consistency hinders comparison across sites, and their uneven quality means that their findings need to be interpreted with caution."
"Journal Article"	"K. O. Rove; P. D. Maroni; C. R. Cost; D. L. Fairclough; G. Giannarini; A. K. Harris; K. A. P. Schultz; N. G. Cost"	"2016"	"Pathologic Risk Factors for Metastatic Disease in Postpubertal Patients With Clinical Stage I Testicular Stromal Tumors"	"Urology"	"97"		"138-144"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27538802"	"10.1016/j.urology.2016.06.066"	"Adult
Age Factors
Aged
*Cause of Death
Disease-Free Survival
Humans
Kaplan-Meier Estimate
Logistic Models
Male
Middle Aged
Multivariate Analysis
Neoplasm Invasiveness/pathology
Neoplasm Metastasis
Neoplasm Staging
Orchiectomy/methods
Prognosis
Risk Assessment
Sertoli-Leydig Cell Tumor/*mortality/*pathology/surgery
Survival Analysis
Testicular Neoplasms/*mortality/*pathology/surgery
Young Adult"	"OBJECTIVE: To systematically review the existing literature to analyze the impact of previously identified pathologic risk factors on harboring occult metastatic disease (OMD) in patients with Clinical Stage I testicular stromal tumors (TSTs). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A literature search using PubMed was conducted using the following terms: "testicular stromal tumors," "testicular Leydig cell tumors," "testicular Sertoli tumors," "testicular interstitial tumors," "testicular granulosa tumor," and "testicular sex cord tumors." For analysis, we included only studies with data on available recurrence, survival, and time-to-event. We hypothesized that patients with ≥2 risk factors would experience lower 5-year OMD-free survival (OMDFS) than those with <2 risk factors. RESULTS: Two hundred ninety-two patients from 47 publications were included with a median age at diagnosis of 35 years (range 12-76). Five-year OMDFS and overall survival in patients with Stage I TSTs were 91.2% and 93.2%, respectively. When comparing those who harbored OMD to those who did not, we observed an increased risk of OMD for each additional risk factor (P < .001). Five-year OMDFS was 98.1% for those with <2 risk factors vs 44.9% for those with ≥2 risk factors (P < .001). CONCLUSION: The existing literature on pathologic risk factors for OMD in this population is insufficient to make broad clinical recommendations. However, these factors appear to risk-stratify patients and may be useful for future research investigating adjuvant therapy in higher-risk patients. This review indicates that such a stratification system has a rational basis."
"Journal Article"	"M. Kodama; B. H. Grubbs; E. A. Blake; S. S. Cahoon; R. Murakami; T. Kimura; K. Matsuo"	"2014"	"Feto-maternal outcomes of pregnancy complicated by ovarian malignant germ cell tumor: a systematic review of literature"	"European journal of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive biology"	"181"		"145-156"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25150953"	"10.1016/j.ejogrb.2014.07.047"	"Malignant germ cell tumor
Ovarian cancer
Pregnancy
Review
Age Factors
Female
Gestational Age
Humans
Infant, Newborn
Neoplasm Staging
Neoplasms, Germ Cell and Embryonal/complications/*pathology/*surgery
Ovarian Neoplasms/complications/*pathology/*surgery
Pregnancy Complications, Neoplastic/*pathology/*surgery
*Pregnancy Outcome
Survival Rate
Time-to-Treatment
Watchful Waiting"	"Malignant germ cell tumors (MGCT) are a rare type of ovarian cancer with poorly understood behavior during pregnancy. This systematic review evaluated feto-maternal outcomes and management patterns of 102 ovarian MGCT-complicated pregnancies identified in PubMed/MEDLINE. Mean age was 25.8. The most common histology type was dysgerminoma (38.2%) followed by yolk sac tumor (30.4%). Abdomino-pelvic pain (35.3%) was the most common symptom. The majority were stage I disease (76.4%) with a mean tumor size of 17.9cm. Most cases had live births (77.5%) at term (56.6%). Tumor surgery without fetal conservation took place in 22 (21.6%) cases (Group 1). This group was characterized by the first trimester tumor detection and intervention, non-viable pregnancy, and frequent concurrent hysterectomy. There were 59 (57.8%) cases which underwent expectant management of pregnancy: mean delay 16.4 weeks for 46 (45.1%) cases with tumor surgery and fetal conservation (Group 2); and 7.8 weeks for 13 (12.7%) cases with tumor surgery after delivery (Group 3). The live birth rate in Groups 2 and 3 was 98.3%. There were 21 (20.6%) cases in which the tumor was incidentally found intra/postpartum (Group 4). Group 2 showed the highest 5-year overall survival rate (92.8%) followed by Group 4 (79.5%), Group 3 (71.4%), and Group 1 (56.2%, p=0.028). Group 1 had more advanced-stage disease when compared to Group 2 (proportion of stages II-IV disease, 36.4% versus 11.4%, p=0.023). In multivariate analysis, age ≤20 (p=0.032) and stages II-IV (p=0.02) remained independent prognosticators for decreased overall survival in all cases. Expectant management of pregnancy was not associated with poor survival outcome in multivariate analysis (p=0.43). In conclusion, our analysis demonstrated that timing of tumor intervention and delivery significantly impacted feto-maternal outcome of ovarian MGCT-complicated pregnancies. It is suggested that early detection and tumor intervention with expectant management of pregnancy is an acceptable option in early-stage ovarian MGCT-complicated pregnancies."
"Journal Article"	"P. Wang-Romjue"	"2018"	"Meta-synthesis on nurse practitioner autonomy and roles in ambulatory care"	"Nursing forum"	"53"	"2"	"148-155"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29077202
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/nuf.12236"	"10.1111/nuf.12236"	"NP autonomy
NP practice
NP roles
ambulatory care
meta-synthesis
*Ambulatory Care/methods
Humans
Nurse Practitioners/*psychology
Nurse's Role/*psychology
*Professional Autonomy
Qualitative Research
Workforce"	"BACKGROUND: Many healthcare stakeholders view nurse practitioners (NPs) as an important workforce resource to help fill the anticipated shortage of 20,400 ambulatory care physicians that is expected by 2020. Multiple quantitative studies revealed the attributes of NPs' practice autonomy and roles. However, there is no qualitative meta-synthesis that describes the experiences of NPs' practice autonomy and roles. AIM: To describe and understand the experiences of NPs regarding their practice autonomy and roles in various ambulatory settings through the exploration of existing qualitative studies: meta-synthesis. DESIGN: A qualitative meta-synthesis was conducted to gain insight into ambulatory NPs' practice autonomy and roles through content analysis and reciprocal translation. METHODS: Articles published between 2000 and 2017 were retrieved by searching 7 databases using the following key words: U.S. qualitative studies, advance practice nurses, NP role in ambulatory care, NP autonomy, and outpatient care. RESULTS: Autonomy, NPs' roles and responsibilities, practice relationships, and organizational work environment pressures are the four main themes that emerged from the content analysis of the nine selected qualitative studies. CONCLUSION: Within and between states, NPs' experiences with autonomy and NPs' roles are multifaceted depending on state regulations, practice relationships, and organizational work environments."
"Journal Article"	"G. Huf; J. Alexander; P. Gandhi; M. H. Allen"	"2016"	"Haloperidol plus promethazine for psychosis-induced aggression"	"Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews"		"11"	"151"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000389600100020"	"10.1002/14651858.CD005146.pub3"	"Aggression [drug effects
psychology]
Benzodiazepines [therapeutic
use]
Drug Therapy, Combination
Haloperidol [therapeutic use]
Lorazepam [therapeutic use]
Midazolam [therapeutic use]
Promethazine
[therapeutic use]
Psychomotor Agitation
Psychotic Disorders [drug
therapy
psychology]
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Humans
randomized controlled-trial
emergency psychiatric rooms
rapid
tranquilization
agitated patients
intramuscular haloperidol
physical
restraints
statistics notes
rating-scale
double-blind
trec-save
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background Health services often manage agitated or violent people, and such behaviour is particularly prevalent in emergency psychiatric services (10%). The drugs used in such situations should ensure that the person becomes calm swiftly and safely. Objectives To examine whether haloperidol plus promethazine is an effective treatment for psychosis-induced aggression. Search methods On 6 May 2015 we searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Register of Trials, which is compiled by systematic searches of major resources (including MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, BIOSIS, CINAHL, PsycINFO, PubMed, and registries of clinical trials) and their monthly updates, handsearches, grey literature, and conference proceedings. Selection criteria All randomised clinical trials with useable data focusing on haloperidol plus promethazine for psychosis-induced aggression. Data collection and analysis We independently extracted data. For binary outcomes, we calculated risk ratio (RR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI), on an intention-to-treat basis. For continuous data, we estimated the mean difference (MD) between groups and its 95% CI. We employed a fixed-effect model for analyses. We assessed risk of bias for included studies and created 'Summary of findings' tables using GRADE. Main results We found two new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from the 2015 update searching. The review now includes six studies, randomising 1367 participants and presenting data relevant to six comparisons. When haloperidol plus promethazine was compared with haloperidol alone for psychosis-induced aggression for the outcome not tranquil or asleep at 30 minutes, the combination treatment was clearly more effective (n=316, 1 RCT, RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.87, high-quality evidence). There were 10 occurrences of acute dystonia in the haloperidol alone arm and none in the combination group. The trial was stopped early as haloperidol alone was considered to be too toxic. When haloperidol plus promethazine was compared with olanzapine, high-quality data showed both approaches to be tranquillising. It was suggested that the combination of haloperidol plus promethazine was more effective, but the difference between the two approaches did not reach conventional levels of statistical significance (n=300, 1 RCT, RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.22 to 1.61, high-quality evidence). Lower-quality data suggested that the risk of unwanted excessive sedation was less with the combination approach (n=116, 2 RCTs, RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.12 to 3.84). When haloperidol plus promethazine was compared with ziprasidone all data were of lesser quality. We identified no binary data for the outcome tranquil or asleep. The average sedation score (Ramsay Sedation Scale) was lower for the combination approach but not to conventional levels of statistical significance (n=60, 1 RCT, MD -0.1, 95% CI -0.58 to 0.38). These data were of low quality and it is unclear what they mean in clinical terms. The haloperidol plus promethazine combination appeared to cause less excessive sedation but again the difference did not reach conventional levels of statistical significance (n=111, 2 RCTs, RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.06 to 1.43). We found few data for the comparison of haloperidol plus promethazine versus haloperidol plus midazolam. Average Ramsay Sedation Scale scores suggest the combination of haloperidol plus midazolam to be the most sedating (n=60, 1 RCT, MD -0.6, 95% CI -1.13 to -0.07, low-quality evidence). The risk of excessive sedation was considerably less with haloperidol plus promethazine (n=117, 2 RCTs, RR 0.12, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.49, low-quality evidence). Haloperidol plus promethazine seemed to decrease the risk of needing restraints by around 12 hours (n=60, 1 RCT, RR 0.24, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.55, low-quality evidence). It may be that use of midazolam with haloperidol sedates swiftly, but this effect does not last long. When haloperidol plus promethazine was compared with lorazepam, haloperidol plus promethazine seemed to more effectively cause sedation or tranquillisation by 30 minutes (n=200, 1 RCT, RR 0.26, 5% CI 0.10 to 0.68, high-quality evidence). The secondary outcome of needing restraints or seclusion by 12 hours was not clearly different between groups, with about 10% in each group needing this intrusive intervention (moderate-quality evidence). Sedation data were not reported, however, the combination group did have less 'any serious adverse event' in 24-hour follow-up, but there were not clear differences between the groups and we are unsure exactly what the adverse effect was. There were no deaths. When haloperidol plus promethazine was compared with midazolam, there was clear evidence that midazolam is more swiftly tranquillising of an aggressive situation than haloperidol plus promethazine (n=301, 1 RCT, RR 2.90, 95% CI 1.75 to 4.8, high-quality evidence). On its own, midazolam seems to be swift and effective in tranquillising people who are aggressive due to psychosis. There was no difference in risk of serious adverse event overall (n=301, 1 RCT, RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.06 to 15.95, high-quality evidence). However, 1 in 150 participants allocated haloperidol plus promethazine had a swiftly reversed seizure, and 1 in 151 given midazolam had swiftly reversed respiratory arrest. Authors' conclusions Haloperidol plus promethazine is effective and safe, and its use is based on good evidence. Benzodiazepines work, with midazolam being particularly swift, but both midazolam and lorazepam cause respiratory depression. Olanzapine intramuscular and ziprasidone intramuscular do seem to be viable options and their action is swift, but resumption of aggression with subsequent need to re-inject was more likely than with haloperidol plus promethazine. Haloperidol used on its own without something to offset its frequent and serious adverse effects does seem difficult to justify."
"Journal Article"	"J. B. Schrock; M. J. Kraeutler; C. T. Crellin; E. C. McCarty; J. T. Bravman"	"2017"	"How should I fixate the subscapularis in total shoulder arthroplasty? A systematic review of pertinent subscapularis repair biomechanics"	"Shoulder & elbow"	"9"	"3"	"153-159"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28588655
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5444608/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5444608/pdf/10.1177_1758573217700833.pdf"	"10.1177/1758573217700833"	"lesser tuberosity osteotomy
subscapularis
tenotomy
total shoulder arthroplasty"	"BACKGROUND: The present study aimed to review the biomechanical outcomes of subscapularis repair techniques during total shoulder arthroplasty (TSA) to assist in clinical decision making. METHODS: A systematic review of multiple databases was performed by searching PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library, Google Scholar, and all databases within EBSCOhost to find biomechanical studies of subscapularis repair techniques in cadaveric models of TSA. RESULTS: Nine studies met the inclusion criteria. In the majority of studies, lesser tuberosity osteotomy (LTO) techniques had greater load to failure and less cyclic displacement compared to subscapularis tenotomy or peel methods. LTO repairs with sutures wrapped around the humeral stem demonstrated superior biomechanical outcomes compared to techniques using only a tension band. In terms of load to failure, the strongest repair of any study was a dual-row fleck LTO using four sutures wrapped around the stem. CONCLUSIONS: Several cadaveric studies have shown superior biomechanical outcomes with LTO techniques compared to tenotomy. In the majority of studies, the strongest subscapularis repair technique in terms of biomechanical outcomes is a compression LTO. Using three or more sutures wrapped around the implant and the addition of a tension suture may increase the biomechanical strength of the LTO repair."
"Journal Article"	"X. Q. Shi; K. K. Wheeler; J. X. Shi; L. Stallones; S. Ameratunga; T. Shakespeare; H. Y. Xiang"	"2015"	"Increased risk of unintentional injuries in adults with disabilities: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Disability and Health Journal"	"8"	"2"	"153-164"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000351313400002"	"10.1016/j.dhjo.2014.09.012"	"Disability
Unintentional injuries
Falls
Occupational injuries
intellectual disability
occupational injuries
developmental-disabilities
agricultural health
prospective cohort
falls
workers
prevalence
people
epidemiology
Health Care Sciences & Services
Public, Environmental & Occupational
Health
Rehabilitation"	"Background: An increased risk of unintentional injuries among individuals with disability has been reported in many studies, yet quantitative syntheses of findings from previous studies have not been done. Objectives: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to characterize the relationship between pre-existing disability and unintentional injuries. Methods: We searched 14 electronic databases to identify original research published between Jan 1, 1990 and Feb 28, 2013. Included studies reported the odds ratio (OR) or relative risk (RR) of unintentional injuries in adults 18_ years of age with pre-existing disabilities compared with adults without disabilities. Twenty six eligible studies were included covering 54 586 individuals with disabilities. We conducted quality assessments and then analyzed the pooled effects using random-effect models. Results: The pooled OR of unintentional injuries was 1.77 (95% CI 1.51-2.07) for all studies in individuals with disabilities compared with individuals without disabilities. The pooled ORs were 1.87 (95% CI 1.52-2.30) for overall unintentional injuries, 1.64 (95% CI 1.39-1.94) for falls-related injuries, 1.62 (95% CI 1.24-2.13) for occupational injuries, and 1.91 (95% CI 1.59-2.30) for nonoccupational injuries. Conclusions: Compared with adults without disabilities, individuals with disabilities are at a significantly higher risk of unintentional injuries. Evidence about the association between cognitive disabilities and unintentional injuries is weak. Future researchers are encouraged to use International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) to classify disability and use rigorous evaluation methods to assess and implement the most appropriate injury prevention efforts to mitigate the risks identified. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"Journal Article"	"S. M. Harden; B. Gaglio; J. A. Shoup; K. A. Kinney; S. B. Johnson; F. Brito; K. C. A. Blackman; J. M. Zoellner; J. L. Hill; F. A. Almeida; R. E. Glasgow; P. A. Estabrooks"	"2015"	"Fidelity to and comparative results across behavioral interventions evaluated through the RE-AIM framework: a systematic review"	"Systematic reviews"	"4"		"155-168"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26547687
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4637141/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4637141/pdf/13643_2015_Article_141.pdf"	"10.1186/s13643-015-0141-0"	"*Health Behavior
Health Promotion/*methods/*standards
Humans
Program Evaluation/*methods
Public Health Practice
Research Design/*standards"	"BACKGROUND: The reach, effectiveness, adoption, implementation, and maintenance (RE-AIM) framework was developed to determine potential public health impact of interventions (i.e., programs, policy, and practice). The purpose of this systematic review was to determine (1) comparative results across accurately reported RE-AIM indicators, (2) relevant information when there remains under-reporting or misclassification of data across each dimension, (3) the degree to which authors intervened to improve outcomes related to each dimension, and (4) the number of articles reporting RE-AIM dimensions for a given study. METHODS: In April 2013, a systematic search of the RE-AIM framework was completed in PubMed, PSYCHInfo, EbscoHost, Web of Science, and Scopus. Evidence was analyzed until January 2015. RESULTS: Eighty-two interventions that included empirical data related to at least one of the RE-AIM dimensions were included in the review. Across these interventions, they reached a median sample size of 320 participants (M = 4894 ± 28,256). Summarizing the effectiveness indicators, we found that: the average participation rate was 45 % (±28 %), 89 % of the interventions reported positive changes in the primary outcome and 11 interventions reported broader outcomes (e.g., quality of life). As for individual-level maintenance, 11 % of studies showed effects ≥6 months post-program. Average setting and staff adoption rates were 75 % (±32 %) and 79 % (±28 %), respectively. Interventions reported being delivered as intended (82 % (±16 %)) and 22 % intervention reported adaptations to delivery. There were insufficient data to determine average maintenance at the organizational level. Data on costs associated with each dimension were infrequent and disparate: four studies reported costs of recruitment, two reported intervention costs per participant, and two reported adoption costs. CONCLUSIONS: The RE-AIM framework has been employed in a variety of populations and settings for the planning, delivery, and evaluation of behavioral interventions. This review highlights inconsistencies in the degree to which authors reported each dimension in its entirety as well as inaccuracies in reporting indicators within each dimension. Further, there are few interventions that aim to improve outcomes related to reach, adoption, implementation, and maintenance."
"Journal Article"	"E. A. Blake; T. B. Sheridan; K. L. Wang; T. Takiuchi; M. Kodama; K. Sawada; K. Matsuo"	"2014"	"Clinical characteristics and outcomes of uterine tumors resembling ovarian sex-cord tumors (UTROSCT): a systematic review of literature"	"European journal of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive biology"	"181"		"163-170"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25150955"	"10.1016/j.ejogrb.2014.07.050"	"Review
Risk factor
Survival
Uterine tumors resembling ovarian sex cord tumors
Disease-Free Survival
Endometrial Stromal Tumors/complications/*pathology/secondary/surgery
Female
Humans
Menstruation Disturbances/etiology
Neoplasm Invasiveness
Neoplasm Recurrence, Local/pathology/*therapy
*Salvage Therapy
Sex Cord-Gonadal Stromal Tumors/complications/*pathology/secondary/surgery
Survival Rate
Uterine Hemorrhage/etiology
Uterine Neoplasms/complications/*pathology/surgery"	"Uterine tumor resembling ovarian sex-cord tumors (UTROSCT) is an extremely rare type of uterine tumor, and its clinical characteristics are not fully understood. A systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed and MEDLINE using the keywords, "uterine tumors resembling ovarian sex cord tumors", limited to case reports. Clinico-pathological characteristics and survival data were abstracted and evaluated for the analysis. Among 43 cases reporting UTROSCT, Type I (endometrial stromal tumors with sex cord-like elements, ESTSCLE) and Type II (classic UTROSCT) were reported in 5 (11.6%) and 17 (39.5%), respectively, and nearly half of reported UTROSCT did not subcategorize the histology pattern into Type I or II (unspecified, n=21, 48.8%). Mean age was 52.2. The two most common symptoms were postmenopausal vaginal bleeding (44.2%) and abnormal menstruation (39.5%). The majority underwent total hysterectomy with adnexectomy (65.1%) followed by hysterectomy alone (18.6%) and tumor resection alone (14.0%). Mean tumor size was 6.2cm, and extra-uterine spread was seen in 7.0%. By immunohistochemistry, calretinin expression was significantly correlated with CAM5.2, inhibin, and progesterone receptor expression (all, p<0.05). In survival analysis, disease-free survival (DFS) rates for all 43 cases at 1, 2, and 5 years for all cases were 97.0%, 92.7%, and 69.7%, respectively. Among recurrent cases, median time to recur was 24 months (range 9-48). Decreased DFS was significantly associated with pelvic pain (2-year rate, 81.8% versus 94.7%, p=0.006), histology subcategory (Type I versus II, 23.8% versus 100%, p=0.006), tumor size ≥10cm (75.0% versus 100%, p=0.046), cervical/extra-uterine metastasis (46.7% versus 100%, p=0.024), and lymphovascular space involvement (50% versus 100%, p=0.002). Treatment patterns were not statistically associated with DFS (hysterectomy, p=0.28; and adnexectomy, p=0.38). When histology patterns were examined, Type II disease was associated with less aggressive tumor behavior when compared to Type I disease: extra-uterine spread (Type I versus II, 40% versus 5.9%, p=0.007) and lymphovascular space invasion (50% versus 6.7%, p=0.012). Among 17 cases of Type II disease, disease recurrence was reported in 1 (5.9%) case at 3 years after the initial treatment. In conclusion, our study showed that UTROSCT was often not subcategorized. Because classic UTROSCT has a distinct clinical outcome and characteristic histological patterns when compared to ESTSCLE, distinguishing UTROSCT from ESTSCLE is an integral component of the diagnosis. While classic UTROSCT typically has a favorable prognosis, it has been known to develop a late recurrence. If risk factors for recurrence are absent, both hysterectomy and mass resection alone are possible options for management."
"Journal Article"	"S. P. Becker; D. R. Leopold; G. L. Burns; M. A. Jarrett; J. M. Langberg; S. A. Marshall; K. McBurnett; D. A. Waschbusch; E. G. Willcutt"	"2016"	"The Internal, External, and Diagnostic Validity of Sluggish Cognitive Tempo: A Meta-Analysis and Critical Review"	"Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry"	"55"	"3"	"163-178"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26903250
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4764798/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4764798/pdf/nihms747294.pdf"	"10.1016/j.jaac.2015.12.006"	"attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
diagnosis
nosology
sluggish cognitive tempo
systematic review
Adolescent
Adult
Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity/diagnosis
Child
Child Psychiatry/methods
Child, Preschool
Cognition Disorders/*diagnosis/psychology
Female
Humans
Impulsive Behavior
Male
Neuropsychological Tests
Psychiatric Status Rating Scales
Reproducibility of Results"	"OBJECTIVE: To conduct the first meta-analysis evaluating the internal and external validity of the sluggish cognitive tempo (SCT) construct as related to or distinct from attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and as associated with functional impairment and neuropsychological functioning. METHOD: Electronic databases were searched through September 2015 for studies examining the factor structure and/or correlates of SCT in children or adults. The search procedures identified 73 papers. The core SCT behaviors included across studies, as well as factor loadings and reliability estimates, were reviewed to evaluate internal validity. Pooled correlation effect sizes using random effects models were used to evaluate SCT in relation to external validity domains (i.e., demographics, other psychopathologies, functional impairment, and neuropsychological functioning). RESULTS: Strong support was found for the internal validity of the SCT construct. Specifically, across factor analytic studies including more than 19,000 individuals, 13 SCT items loaded consistently on an SCT factor as opposed to an ADHD factor. Findings also support the reliability (i.e., internal consistency, test-retest reliability, interrater reliability) of SCT. In terms of external validity, there is some indication that SCT may increase with age (r = 0.11) and be associated with lower socioeconomic status (r = 0.10). Modest (potentially negligible) support was found for SCT symptoms being higher in males than females in children (r = 0.05) but not in adults. SCT is more strongly associated with ADHD inattention (r = 0.63 in children, r = 0.72 in adults) than with ADHD hyperactivity-impulsivity (r = 0.32 in children, r = 0.46 in adults), and it likewise appears that SCT is more strongly associated with internalizing symptoms than with externalizing symptoms. SCT is associated with significant global, social, and academic impairment (r = 0.38-0.44). Effects for neuropsychological functioning are mixed, although there is initial support for SCT being associated with processing speed, sustained attention, and metacognitive deficits. CONCLUSION: This meta-analytic review provides strong support for the internal validity of SCT and preliminary support for the external validity of SCT. In terms of diagnostic validity, there is currently not enough evidence to describe SCT in diagnostic terms. Key directions for future research are discussed, including evaluating the conceptualization of SCT as a transdiagnostic construct and the need for longitudinal research."
"Journal Article"	"A. J. Yang; R. A. Coronado; L. Hoffecker; C. Gao; K. Saurwein; D. Shoreman; A. S. Hoffberg; V. Akuthota"	"2017"	"Conservative Care in Lumbar Spine Surgery Trials: A Descriptive Literature Review"	"Archives of physical medicine and rehabilitation"	"98"	"1"	"165-172"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27576191"	"10.1016/j.apmr.2016.07.025"	"*Clinical trials as topic
*Low back pain
*Rehabilitation
*Spinal fusion
*Conservative Treatment
Humans
Low Back Pain/etiology/*therapy
Lumbar Vertebrae/*surgery
Physical Therapy Modalities
Spinal Diseases/complications/*therapy
Terminology as Topic
Treatment Failure"	"OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the degree to which conservative care and failure were specifically defined in studies comparing nonoperative treatment versus surgery for low back pain (LBP) conditions in adults. DATA SOURCES: A comprehensive literature search was conducted by an experienced librarian using MEDLINE (PubMed), Embase, Google Scholar, and CENTRAL from January 2003 to June 2014. Endnote bibliographic management application was used to remove duplicates and organize the citations. STUDY SELECTION: Prospective, randomized, or cohort trials comparing surgery versus conservative intervention for patients with LBP conditions. Study selection was conducted by 2 independent reviewers. DATA EXTRACTION: Three independent reviewers extracted data from each article using a structured data extraction form. Data extracted included type of study, participant characteristics, sample size, description, and duration of conservative care and whether failed conservative care criterion was defined. DATA SYNTHESIS: A total of 852 unique records were screened for eligibility; of those, 72 articles were identified for further full-text review. Thirty-four full texts were excluded based on the exclusion criteria, and 38 articles, representing 20 unique studies, were included for qualitative synthesis. Fifteen of the 20 studies defined the duration of conservative care. Only 3 studies defined the dosage of physical therapy sessions, including total number of visits and visit duration. Two studies described medication usage, including the duration and type. No studies specifically defined what constituted failed conservative therapy. CONCLUSIONS: This literature review suggests conservative care is poorly defined in randomized trials, which can lead to ambiguity of research procedures and unclear guidelines for clinicians. Future studies should increase transparency and explicitly define conservative care."
"Journal Article"	"T. Vollmer; L. Huynh; C. Kelley; P. Galebach; J. Signorovitch; A. DiBernardo; R. Sasane"	"2016"	"Relationship between brain volume loss and cognitive outcomes among patients with multiple sclerosis: a systematic literature review"	"Neurological sciences : official journal of the Italian Neurological Society and of the Italian Society of Clinical Neurophysiology"	"37"	"2"	"165-179"		"Italy"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26537494"	"10.1007/s10072-015-2400-1"	"Brain volume loss
Cognition
Multiple sclerosis
Patient outcomes
Systematic literature review
Adult
Brain/*pathology
Cognition Disorders/etiology/*pathology
Disease Progression
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Multiple Sclerosis/*complications/pathology
Neuropsychological Tests"	"Patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) experience varying rates of brain volume (BV) loss ranging from 0.5 to 1.5 % per year. In addition, 66 % of patients with MS experience cognitive impairment, resulting in impact on daily activities. A systematic literature review (2003-2013) was conducted to identify all studies reporting a relationship between whole BV measures and selected patient outcomes measuring cognition, including the Symbol Digit Modalities Test (SDMT), Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test (PASAT) and MS Functional Composite (MSFC) scores. We identified 18 studies reporting associations between whole BV and cognitive outcomes. Six studies (33 %) examined the association between BV and SDMT; all six studies reported that BV loss (BVL) was significantly associated with a decline in SDMT scores (all p < 0.05). Among 14 studies (78 %) that examined the association between BV and PASAT scores, 12 (86 %) found a significant relationship between BVL and lower PASAT scores (all p < 0.05). Of the seven studies (39 %) that looked at BV and MSFC, six studies (86 %) found BVL significantly associated with lower MSFC scores (all p < 0.05). Our study demonstrated that BVL is associated with declines in cognition in MS patients across several cognition measures. The results of this study suggest that BV is a critical component of disease activity and progression in MS and has implications for treatment decisions to minimize BVL and preserve cognitive functioning."
"Journal Article"	"S. Saluja; S. Mukhopadhyay; J. R. Amundson; A. Silverstein; J. Gelman; H. Jenny; Y. Lin; A. Moccia; R. Rashad; R. Sood; N. P. Raykar; M. G. Shrime"	"2019"	"Quality of essential surgical care in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review of the literature"	"International journal for quality in health care : journal of the International Society for Quality in Health Care"	"31"	"3"	"166-172"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30020489"	"10.1093/intqhc/mzy141"	"developing countries
patient outcomes
public Health
surgery
*Developing Countries
General Surgery/standards/*statistics & numerical data
Humans
Patient Safety/statistics & numerical data
Postoperative Complications/epidemiology
Quality of Health Care/*statistics & numerical data
Surgical Procedures, Operative/adverse effects/mortality/*statistics & numerical data
Surgical Wound Infection/epidemiology"	"PURPOSE: Quality of care is an emerging area of focus in the surgical disciplines. However, much of the emphasis on quality is limited to high-income countries. To address this gap, we conducted a systematic review of the literature on the quality of essential surgical care in low- and middle- income countries (LMIC). DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Cinahl, Embase and CAB Abstracts using three domains: quality of care, surgery and LMIC. STUDY SELECTION: We limited our review to studies of essential surgeries that pertained to all three search domains. DATA EXTRACTION: We extracted data on study characteristics, type of surgery and the way in which quality was studied. RESULTS OF DATA SYNTHESIS: 354 studies were included. 281 (79.4%) were single-center studies and nearly half (n = 169, 46.9%) did not specify the level of facility. 207 studies reported on mortality (58.47%) and 325 reported on a morbidity (91.81%), most commonly surgical site infection (n = 190, 53.67%). Of the Institute of Medicine domains of quality, studies were most commonly of safety (n = 310, 87.57%) and effectiveness (n = 180, 50.85%) and least commonly of equity (n = 21, 5.93%). CONCLUSION: We find that while there are numerous studies that report on some aspects of quality of care, much of the data is single center and observational. Additionally, there is variability on which outcomes are reported both within and across specialties. Finally, we find under-reporting of parameters of equity and timeliness, which may be critical areas for research moving forward."
"Journal Article"	"L. Welling; L. E. Bernstein; G. T. Berry; A. B. Burlina; F. Eyskens; M. Gautschi; S. Grünewald; C. S. Gubbels; I. Knerr; P. Labrune; J. H. van der Lee; A. MacDonald; E. Murphy; P. A. Portnoi; K. Õunap; N. L. Potter; M. E. Rubio-Gozalbo; J. B. Spencer; I. Timmers; E. P. Treacy; S. C. Van Calcar; S. E. Waisbren; A. M. Bosch; N. Galactosemia"	"2017"	"International clinical guideline for the management of classical galactosemia: diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up"	"Journal of inherited metabolic disease"	"40"	"2"	"171-176"	"Springer Netherlands"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27858262
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5306419/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5306419/pdf/10545_2016_Article_9990.pdf"	"10.1007/s10545-016-9990-5"	"Evidence-Based Medicine/methods
Follow-Up Studies
Galactose/metabolism
Galactosemias/*diagnosis/*drug therapy/metabolism
Humans
Metabolism, Inborn Errors/diagnosis/drug therapy"	"Classical galactosemia (CG) is an inborn error of galactose metabolism. Evidence-based guidelines for the treatment and follow-up of CG are currently lacking, and treatment and follow-up have been demonstrated to vary worldwide. To provide patients around the world the same state-of-the-art in care, members of The Galactosemia Network (GalNet) developed an evidence-based and internationally applicable guideline for the diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up of CG. The guideline was developed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system. A systematic review of the literature was performed, after key questions were formulated during an initial GalNet meeting. The first author and one of the working group experts conducted data-extraction. All experts were involved in data-extraction. Quality of the body of evidence was evaluated and recommendations were formulated. Whenever possible recommendations were evidence-based, if not they were based on expert opinion. Consensus was reached by multiple conference calls, consensus rounds via e-mail and a final consensus meeting. Recommendations addressing diagnosis, dietary treatment, biochemical monitoring, and follow-up of clinical complications were formulated. For all recommendations but one, full consensus was reached. A 93 % consensus was reached on the recommendation addressing age at start of bone density screening. During the development of this guideline, gaps of knowledge were identified in most fields of interest, foremost in the fields of treatment and follow-up."
"Journal Article"	"K. E. Muessig; M. Nekkanti; J. Bauermeister; S. Bull; L. B. Hightow-Weidman"	"2015"	"A Systematic Review of Recent Smartphone, Internet and Web 2.0 Interventions to Address the HIV Continuum of Care"	"Current Hiv/Aids Reports"	"12"	"1"	"173-190"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000351307700018"	"10.1007/s11904-014-0239-3"	"mHealth
eHealth
Internet
HIV
Mobile phone
Smartphone
Social media
Intervention
Prevention
randomized controlled-trial
african-american
prevention interventions
developing-countries
health intervention
social networking
behavior-change
risk reduction
weight-loss
pilot test
Infectious Diseases"	"eHealth, mHealth and "Web 2.0" social media strategies can effectively reach and engage key populations in HIV prevention across the testing, treatment, and care continuum. To assess how these tools are currently being used within the field of HIV prevention and care, we systematically reviewed recent (2013-2014) published literature, conference abstracts, and funded research. Our searches identified 23 published intervention studies and 32 funded projects underway. In this synthesis we describe the technology modes applied and the stages of the HIV care cascade addressed, including both primary and secondary prevention activities. Overall trends include use of new tools including social networking sites, provision of real-time assessment and feedback, gamification and virtual reality. While there has been increasing attention to use of technology to address the care continuum, gaps remain around linkage to care, retention in care, and initiation of antiretroviral therapy."
"Journal Article"	"T. A. Wadden; M. L. Butryn; P. S. Hong; A. G. Tsai"	"2015"	"Behavioral Treatment of Obesity in Patients Encountered in Primary Care Settings: A Systematic Review"	"Obstetrical & Gynecological Survey"	"70"	"3"	"174-175"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000351009800013"	"10.1097/01.ogx.0000462918.65978.4f"	"Obstetrics & Gynecology"	
"Journal Article"	"T. Tilliss; C. M. Carey"	"2018"	"INSUFFICIENT EVIDENCE WITHIN A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW AND META-ANALYSIS OF POWERED TOOTHBRUSHES OVER MANUAL TOOTHBRUSHES FOR SOFT TISSUE HEALTH DURING ORTHODONTIC TREATMENT"	"Journal of Evidence-Based Dental Practice"	"18"	"2"	"176-177"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000432345100015"	"10.1016/j.jebdp.2018.03.011"	"Meta-analysis
Systematic review
Power toothbrush
Orthodontics
Periodontal health
Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine"	
"Journal Article"	"R. H. Thiele; K. Bartels; T. J. Gan"	"2015"	"Cardiac Output Monitoring: A Contemporary Assessment and Review"	"Critical Care Medicine"	"43"	"1"	"177-185"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000346409100042"	"10.1097/ccm.0000000000000608"	"cardiac output
echocardiography
goal-directed therapy
hemodynamic
monitoring
minimally invasive monitoring
pulmonary artery catheter
pulmonary-artery catheter
pulse-contour analysis
critically-ill
patients
wave-form analysis
respiratory-distress-syndrome
randomized
controlled-trial
lithium dilution technique
blood-pressure
transpulmonary thermodilution
transesophageal doppler
General & Internal Medicine"	"Objective: An increasing number of minimally or noninvasive devices are available to measure cardiac output in the critical care setting. This article reviews the underlying physical principles of these devices in addition to examining both animal and human comparative studies in an effort to allow clinicians to make informed decisions when selecting a device to measure cardiac output. Data Sources: Peer-reviewed manuscripts indexed in PubMed. Study Selection: A systematic search of the PubMed database for articles describing the use of cardiac output monitors yielded 1,526 sources that were included in the analysis. Data Extraction: From all published cardiac output monitoring studies reviewed, the animal model, number of independent measurements, and correlation between techniques was extracted. Data Synthesis: Comparative studies in animals and humans between devices designed for measurement of cardiac output and experimental reference standards indicate thermodilution and Doppler-based techniques to have acceptable accuracy across a wide range of hemodynamic conditions, with bioimpedance techniques being less accurate. Thermodilution devices are marginally more accurate than Doppler-based devices but suffer from slower response time, increased invasiveness, and require stable core temperatures, good operator technique, and a competent tricuspid valve. Doppler-based techniques are less invasive and offer beat-to-beat measurements and excellent trending ability, but are dependent on accurate beam alignment and knowledge of aortic cross-sectional area. Studies of newer devices, such as pulse contour analysis, partial rebreathing, and pulse wave velocity, are far less in number and are primarily based on comparisons with thermodilution-based cardiac output measurements. Studies show widely ranging results. Conclusion: Thermodilution is relatively accurate for cardiac output measurements in both animals and humans when compared to experimental reference standards. Doppler-based techniques appear to have similar accuracy as thermodilution pulmonary artery catheters. Bioimpedance, pulse contour, partial rebreathing, and pulse wave velocity-based devices have not been studied as rigorously; however, the majority of studies included in this analysis point towards decreased accuracy."
"Journal Article"	"J. W. Frank; T. I. Lovejoy; W. C. Becker; B. J. Morasco; C. J. Koenig; L. Hoffecker; H. R. Dischinger; S. K. Dobscha; E. E. Krebs"	"2017"	"Patient Outcomes in Dose Reduction or Discontinuation of Long-Term Opioid Therapy: A Systematic Review"	"Annals of internal medicine"	"167"	"3"	"181-191"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28715848"	"10.7326/M17-0598"	"Analgesics, Opioid/administration & dosage/adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Chronic Pain/*drug therapy
Drug Administration Schedule
Humans
Quality of Life
Severity of Illness Index
Substance Withdrawal Syndrome/etiology
Treatment Outcome
Withholding Treatment"	"BACKGROUND: Expert guidelines recommend reducing or discontinuing long-term opioid therapy (LTOT) when risks outweigh benefits, but evidence on the effect of dose reduction on patient outcomes has not been systematically reviewed. PURPOSE: To synthesize studies of the effectiveness of strategies to reduce or discontinue LTOT and patient outcomes after dose reduction among adults prescribed LTOT for chronic pain. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception through April 2017; reference lists; and expert contacts. STUDY SELECTION: Original research published in English that addressed dose reduction or discontinuation of LTOT for chronic pain. DATA EXTRACTION: Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed study quality using the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force quality rating criteria. All authors assessed evidence quality using the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation) system. Prespecified patient outcomes were pain severity, function, quality of life, opioid withdrawal symptoms, substance use, and adverse events. DATA SYNTHESIS: Sixty-seven studies (11 randomized trials and 56 observational studies) examining 8 intervention categories, including interdisciplinary pain programs, buprenorphine-assisted dose reduction, and behavioral interventions, were found. Study quality was good for 3 studies, fair for 13 studies, and poor for 51 studies. Many studies reported dose reduction, but rates of opioid discontinuation ranged widely across interventions and the overall quality of evidence was very low. Among 40 studies examining patient outcomes after dose reduction (very low overall quality of evidence), improvement was reported in pain severity (8 of 8 fair-quality studies), function (5 of 5 fair-quality studies), and quality of life (3 of 3 fair-quality studies). LIMITATION: Heterogeneous interventions and outcome measures; poor-quality studies with uncontrolled designs. CONCLUSION: Very low quality evidence suggests that several types of interventions may be effective to reduce or discontinue LTOT and that pain, function, and quality of life may improve with opioid dose reduction. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Veterans Health Administration. (PROSPERO: CRD42015020347)."
"Journal Article"	"D. P. Brostow; M. L. Petrik; A. J. Starosta; S. W. Waldo"	"2017"	"Depression in patients with peripheral arterial disease: A systematic review"	"European journal of cardiovascular nursing : journal of the Working Group on Cardiovascular Nursing of the European Society of Cardiology"	"16"	"3"	"181-193"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28051339"	"10.1177/1474515116687222"	"*Depression
*peripheral arterial disease
*peripheral vascular diseases
*review
Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Cross-Sectional Studies
Depressive Disorder/*etiology
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Peripheral Arterial Disease/*complications/*psychology
Risk Factors"	"OBJECTIVES: The association between cardiovascular disease and depression is well-established. Peripheral arterial disease arises from atherosclerosis like other cardiovascular disease, but unlike other cardiovascular disease, it impairs ambulation and lower extremity function. Given peripheral arterial disease's unique characteristics and underrepresentation in mental health research, we aimed to: (a) assess the prevalence of depression or depressive symptoms among peripheral arterial disease patients compared to coronary artery disease rates, (b) assess whether an independent association between peripheral arterial disease and depression exists, and (c) identify associated factors that may be targeted for intervention. DESIGN: This study was based on a systematic review. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Electronic databases were searched to identify studies that examined peripheral arterial disease and depression or depressive symptoms. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. RESULTS: We identified 28 studies. Prevalence of depression or depressive symptoms ranged from 11-48% in 12 cross-sectional studies, and from 3-36% in 16 longitudinal studies, which is comparable to reported coronary artery disease rates. Depressed peripheral arterial disease patients were more likely to be female, African American, and have more severe peripheral arterial disease symptoms and more compromised physical function compared to non-depressed patients. There is evidence to suggest that depression exerts a negative influence on walking ability and physical function independently of peripheral arterial disease. CONCLUSIONS: There is a critical need to address depression in peripheral arterial disease patients, particularly those with characteristics that place them at increased risk. Vascular care providers appear to be the primary contact for assessing depressive symptoms, and once identified, integrated mental health providers may intervene to prevent the worsening of both depression and peripheral arterial disease."
"Journal Article"	"B. J. Petek; C. L. Erley; P. J. Kudenchuk; D. Carlbom; J. Strote; M. O. Gatewood; W. P. Shuman; R. S. Hira; M. L. Gunn; C. Maynard; K. R. Branch"	"2019"	"Diagnostic yield of non-invasive imaging in patients following non-traumatic out-of-hospital sudden cardiac arrest: A systematic review"	"Resuscitation"	"135"		"183-190"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30201536"	"10.1016/j.resuscitation.2018.09.004"	"Computed tomography
Echocardiography
Imaging
Magnetic resonance imaging
Out-of-hospital
Sudden cardiac arrest"	"AIM: To review data for non-invasive imaging in the diagnosis of non-traumatic out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA). DATA SOURCES: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane library, and clinicaltrials.gov databases from inception to January 2017 for studies utilizing non-invasive imaging to identify potential causes of OHCA [computed tomography (CT), ultrasound including echocardiography, and magnetic resonance (MRI)]. STUDY SELECTION: Inclusion criteria were the following: (1) randomized control trials, cohort studies or observational studies; (2) contained a population ≥18 years old with non-traumatic OHCA who underwent diagnostic imaging with CT, MRI, echocardiography, or abdominal ultrasound; (3) imaging was obtained for diagnostic purposes; (4) patients were alive or were undergoing cardiopulmonary resuscitation at the time of imaging; (5) contained potential causes of OHCA. Endpoints studied were the number of potential OHCA causes identified, diagnostic accuracy measures (sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values), and diagnostic utility (number of imaging findings with reported changes in clinical management). RESULTS: Of the total 5722 studies identified, 17 (0.3%) met inclusion criteria. The majority of studies assessed the utility of CT in OHCA (n=10), and potential causes of OHCA were found in 8-54% of patients following head, abdominal and/or chest CT. Only 1/17 (6%) studies reported diagnostic accuracy measures, and 9/17 (53%) studies included a time to imaging criteria within 24h. CONCLUSION: Although non-invasive imaging is commonly performed in patients after OHCA, its diagnostic utility remains poorly characterized. Prospective studies are needed for appropriate imaging selection and their potential impact on treatment and outcome."
"Journal Article"	"D. D. Lynn; L. M. Zukin; R. Dellavalle"	"2017"	"The safety and efficacy of Diphoterine for ocular and cutaneous burns in humans"	"Cutaneous and ocular toxicology"	"36"	"2"	"185-192"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27486965"	"10.1080/15569527.2016.1217423"	"Prevor
acid burn
alkaloid burn
amphoteric
chemical burn
Burns, Chemical/*drug therapy
Dermatologic Agents/administration & dosage/*adverse effects/therapeutic use
Eye Burns/chemically induced/*drug therapy
Humans
Occupational Injuries/drug therapy/economics
Ophthalmic Solutions/administration & dosage/*adverse effects/therapeutic use
Organic Chemicals/administration & dosage/adverse effects/therapeutic use
Pain Management/methods
Treatment Outcome
Wound Healing/*drug effects"	"CONTEXT: Diphoterine, developed by the French company Prevor, is a polyvalent, chelating, amphoteric and slightly hypertonic solution used in the management of chemical cutaneous and ocular burns. While used extensively in Europe and Canada, it is has not been approved by the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) as an alternative to the water-rinse method due to a lack of evidence of its safety and efficacy on human subjects. An unbiased and extensive systematic review was undertaken in order to better understand Diphoterine's safety and efficaciousness on humans. OBJECTIVE: Review the safety and efficacy of Diphoterine for treating chemical burns of the skin and eyes in humans. METHODS: Data sources: Information sources included Pubmed, the National Library of Medicine's Medline Database and the "Publications" sections of the Prevor website. Search terms included Diphoterine, chemical burn, ocular burn and cutaneous burn. STUDY SELECTION: Any study type published through a peer-reviewed journal up to May 2016 was considered eligible. Published data must have included Diphoterine in the treatment of chemical burns on the skin or eyes as well as meet other specified criteria. Acceptable studies had to use either a quantitative (e.g. number of work days lost) or qualitative (e.g. level of erythema) approach when measuring cutaneous or ocular lesion outcomes. DATA EXTRACTION: Independent assessment of article inclusion by two authors using predefined criteria. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Diphoterine is safe and highly effective in improving healing time, healing sequelae and pain management of chemical burns on the skin and eyes of humans. Outcomes are significantly improved when compared to water or a physiologic solution equivalent. We recommend that this product be readily available to emergency responders and companies that expose their employees to hazardous chemical substances in order to improve healing sequelae, pain management and lost work days from these types of burns."
"Journal Article"	"A. Wieland; G. T. Everson"	"2018"	"Co-existing Hepatitis C and Alcoholic Liver Disease: A Diminishing Indication for Liver Transplantation?"	"Alcohol and alcoholism (Oxford, Oxfordshire)"	"53"	"2"	"187-192"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29329373
https://watermark.silverchair.com/agx101.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAq4wggKqBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggKbMIIClwIBADCCApAGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQM4Vswf1MDntJTeN0LAgEQgIICYUu5AvATUTK8mgHGuGBVJpKd89yOs8nhZHgyBBVUk1vqrA9hMJ_GiC5K49TgU3QcFEqPTiX01Fg-BPvFhhVH0MAk0YhE9Sj0pjOwBHjkhdYrfKzkRXOsHQRodWSijNvYp1z2DboExOi6ousSIHAl4VX_khmwQQvgvshqYBmJOvVk3HBr2CkobZ9n0DuWfpmVxPbG9lSOTd4BdDnhrmYhxunT-yfqQvfObG10WglTvoLL1q4Lm9NH21gveYiVuWplJVKvzYfICzUEewnM9czPbXeCkdLeg2uwloIn_yw5VKmk6-XZ1vFhKMpeSqjdAfaMk50Iu8WG810GOYgUWXtcyBm8hmQtMZUwkNinOumaTUJcajE7q3dE-PMogPLqNalYIetCD8-q0aL8B9OGmkZ8pPWh7vK2cUacsBX3CtP2EoyNyufKG5r2BFHSmKtYOhuOSMRGjLJ8Vohwf00xAu1Ti028LmUDa9ln733ojy2LSqmsBNQFinltKtYLAMv1_bgeVL2ucpdpAyOWXLZHxt6oI--oLWlk5CBSbAWORvQnO2p3RHO0JXmAq7jT8w1EHcK5zfs3OUKP-NZ-7DidX9_JP6fo6lpDnGzfiMqMyaOWlTGd6ytNwJyghA5xSGqmnbUyIyAY-AABdJ1P08nY4i5SrWhF4AEyU6IWsEFy74e_7yLIOPkuU-M5RRbHQ-zvErcI0Mg25SuIW4lsu9Sr5DjqU4eCG5D74-1rRbSbxbgEq2JGXcjkswz-QwVIw96JczTYGiiQAii4MeZRAtHekk7hhpTa_AXtG1A-WW6Jc7Vcx9aJ8A"	"10.1093/alcalc/agx101"	"Hepatitis C/*complications/*surgery
Humans
Liver Diseases, Alcoholic/*complications/*surgery
Liver Transplantation/*statistics & numerical data
Treatment Outcome"	"AIMS: To provide an overview of published literature on the interaction of alcohol and hepatitis C virus (HCV) in the accelerated progression of liver disease to cirrhosis as relates to decision-making for the management of the liver transplant candidate and recipient. METHODS: General PubMed search was employed along with expert input to identify the relevant articles on the topic. The authors also utilized both backward and forward citation review of the relevant articles and reviews to identify articles on identified topic. RESULTS: In HCV cases, heavy alcohol use has been associated with more severe fibrosis, but even low rates of use may have deleterious effects. Patients with chronic hepatitis C and alcoholic liver disease can be cured of the HCV-theoretically positively impacting outcome and reducing the need for liver transplantation. Current antiviral therapy achieves virologic cure or sustained viral response (SVR) in over 90% of cases. Antiviral therapy is so effective that most liver transplant candidates or recipients can be cured of HCV either prior to or after transplantation. However, despite successful antiviral therapy, liver disease may progress after SVR due to the effects of ongoing alcohol use. CONCLUSION: Antiviral therapy in patients with HCV plus alcohol should improve pre- and post-transplant outcomes, but providers must remain firm in limiting use of alcohol to avoid progression of liver disease post HCV cure. SHORT SUMMARY: Abusive alcohol use and chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) commonly co-exist and both need to be addressed in liver disease. With high rates of HCV cure with new therapies, attention needs to turn toward ongoing abusive alcohol patterns that may determinately impact liver health both before and after liver transplant."
"Journal Article"	"L. M. Schwab-Reese; W. Hovdestad; L. Tonmyr; J. Fluke"	"2018"	"The potential use of social media and other internet-related data and communications for child maltreatment surveillance and epidemiological research: Scoping review and recommendations"	"Child abuse & neglect"	"85"		"187-201"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29366596"	"10.1016/j.chiabu.2018.01.014"	"*Child abuse
*Epidemiology
*Internet
*Scoping review
*Social media
*Surveillance"	"Collecting child maltreatment data is a complicated undertaking for many reasons. As a result, there is an interest by child maltreatment researchers to develop methodologies that allow for the triangulation of data sources. To better understand how social media and internet-based technologies could contribute to these approaches, we conducted a scoping review to provide an overview of social media and internet-based methodologies for health research, to report results of evaluation and validation research on these methods, and to highlight studies with potential relevance to child maltreatment research and surveillance. Many approaches were identified in the broad health literature; however, there has been limited application of these approaches to child maltreatment. The most common use was recruiting participants or engaging existing participants using online methods. From the broad health literature, social media and internet-based approaches to surveillance and epidemiologic research appear promising. Many of the approaches are relatively low cost and easy to implement without extensive infrastructure, but there are also a range of limitations for each method. Several methods have a mixed record of validation and sources of error in estimation are not yet understood or predictable. In addition to the problems relevant to other health outcomes, child maltreatment researchers face additional challenges, including the complex ethical issues associated with both internet-based and child maltreatment research. If these issues are adequately addressed, social media and internet-based technologies may be a promising approach to reducing some of the limitations in existing child maltreatment data."
"Journal Article"	"S. S. Cohen; D. D. Alexander; N. F. Krebs; B. E. Young; M. D. Cabana; P. Erdmann; N. P. Hays; C. P. Bezold; E. Levin-Sparenberg; M. Turini; J. M. Saavedra"	"2018"	"Factors Associated with Breastfeeding Initiation and Continuation: A Meta-Analysis"	"The Journal of pediatrics"	"203"		"190-196.e21"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30293638"	"10.1016/j.jpeds.2018.08.008"	"*breastfeeding
*meta-analysis
Breast Feeding/*methods/psychology/*statistics & numerical data
Female
Health Education/*methods
Humans
Incidence
Infant
*Infant Health
Infant, Newborn
Male
Pregnancy
Risk Assessment
Time Factors
United States"	"OBJECTIVE: To use a quantitative approach to evaluate the literature for quantity, quality, and consistency of studies of maternal and infant characteristics in association with breastfeeding initiation and continuation, and to conduct a meta-analysis to produce summary relative risks (RRs) for selected factors. STUDY DESIGN: A systematic review using PubMed and CINAHL through March 2016 was conducted to identify relevant observational studies in developed nations, reporting a measure of risk for 1 or more of 6 quantitatively derived, high impact factors in relation to either breastfeeding initiation or continuation. One author abstracted data using a predesigned database, which was reviewed by a second independent author; data evaluation and interpretation included all co-authors. These factors were summarized using standard meta-analysis techniques. RESULTS: Six high impact factors were identified (smoking [39 papers], mode of delivery [47 papers], parity [31 papers], dyad separation [17 papers], maternal education [62 papers], and maternal breastfeeding education [32 papers]). Summary RR from random-effects models for breastfeeding initiation were highest for high vs low maternal education (RR 2.28 [95% CI 1.92-2.70]), dyad connection vs not (RR 2.01 [95% CI 1.38-2.92]), and maternal nonsmoking vs smoking (RR = 1.76 [95% CI 1.59-1.95]); results were similar for breastfeeding continuation. CONCLUSIONS: Despite methodological heterogeneity across studies, relatively consistent results were observed for these perinatally identifiable factors associated with breastfeeding initiation and continuation, which may be informative in developing targeted interventions to provide education and support for successful breastfeeding in more families."
"Journal Article"	"S. C. Van Calcar; L. E. Bernstein; F. J. Rohr; C. H. Scaman; S. Yannicelli; G. T. Berry"	"2014"	"A re-evaluation of life-long severe galactose restriction for the nutrition management of classic galactosemia"	"Molecular genetics and metabolism"	"112"	"3"	"191-197"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24857409"	"10.1016/j.ymgme.2014.04.004"	"Diet treatment
Galactose restriction
Galactose-1-phosphate uridyltransferase deficiency
Inborn errors of metabolism
Lactose
Age Factors
*Diet, Carbohydrate-Restricted
Food
*Galactose
Galactosemias/*diet therapy
Humans"	"The galactose-restricted diet is life-saving for infants with classic galactosemia. However, the benefit and extent of dietary galactose restriction required after infancy remain unclear and variation exists in practice. There is a need for evidence-based recommendations to better standardize treatment for this disorder. This paper reviews the association between diet treatment and outcomes in classic galactosemia and evaluates the contribution of food sources of free galactose in the diet. Recommendations include allowing all fruits, vegetables, legumes, soy products that are not fermented, various aged cheeses and foods containing caseinates. Further research directions are discussed."
"Journal Article"	"L. M. Gdanetz; M. K. Hamer; E. Thomas; L. M. Tarasenko; S. Horton-Deutsch; J. Jones"	"2018"	"Technology, Educator Intention, and Relationships in Virtual Learning Spaces: A Qualitative Metasynthesis"	"Journal of Nursing Education"	"57"	"4"	"197-+"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000429491000002"	"10.3928/01484834-20180322-02"	"student perceptions
Nursing"	"Background: A main concern that remains with the continued growth of online nursing education programs is the way educator and student relationships can be affected by new technologies. This interpretive study aims to gain an understanding of how technology influences the development of interpersonal relationships between the student and faculty in a virtual learning environment. Method: Using an established structured approach to qualitative metasynthesis, a search was conducted using PubMed, EBSCO, CINAHL, Medline, ProQuest, Ovid Nursing databases, and Google Scholar, focused on caring and relational aspects of online nursing education. Results: Technology alters communication, thereby positioning the intentionality of the educator at the heart of interpersonal relationship development in virtual learning spaces. Conclusion: This interpretive synthesis of prior qualitative research supports the development of a framework for online nursing courses, the need for continuing education of nursing faculty, the value of caring intentions, and enhancement of the educator's technological proficiency."
"Journal Article"	"A. White; D. S. K. Thomas; N. Ezeanochie; S. Bull"	"2016"	"Health Worker mHealth Utilization: A Systematic Review"	"Computers, informatics, nursing : CIN"	"34"	"5"	"206-213"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26955009
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4860109/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4860109/pdf/nihms753233.pdf"	"10.1097/CIN.0000000000000231"	"Communication
*Community Health Workers
Computers, Handheld/statistics & numerical data
*Decision Support Systems, Clinical
Delivery of Health Care/*methods
Developing Countries
Global Health
Humans
Smartphone/*statistics & numerical data
Telemedicine/*methods
User-Computer Interface"	"This systematic review describes mHealth interventions directed at healthcare workers in low-resource settings from the PubMed database from March 2009 to May 2015. Thirty-one articles were selected for final review. Four categories emerged from the reviewed articles: data collection during patient visits, communication between health workers and patients, communication between health workers, and public health surveillance. Most studies used a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods to assess acceptability of use, barriers to use, changes in healthcare delivery, and improved health outcomes. Few papers included theory explicitly to guide development and evaluation of their mHealth programs. Overall, evidence indicated that mobile technology tools, such as smartphones and tablets, substantially benefit healthcare workers, their patients, and healthcare delivery. Limitations to mHealth tools included insufficient program use and sustainability, unreliable Internet and electricity, and security issues. Despite these limitations, this systematic review demonstrates the utility of using mHealth in low-resource settings and the potential for widespread health system improvements using technology."
"Journal Article"	"I. H. Iftikhar; A. I. Musani"	"2015"	"Narrow-band imaging bronchoscopy in the detection of premalignant airway lesions: a meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy"	"Therapeutic advances in respiratory disease"	"9"	"5"	"207-216"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26085510"	"10.1177/1753465815589698"	"autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy
meta-analysis
narrow-band imaging bronchoscopy
Bronchoscopy/*methods
Humans
Lung Neoplasms/*diagnosis/pathology
Narrow Band Imaging
Optical Imaging/methods
Precancerous Conditions/*diagnosis/pathology
Sensitivity and Specificity"	"OBJECTIVES: Both autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy and narrow-band imaging have shown promise in the detection of premalignant airway lesions, each by utilizing different bandwidths of lights for better characterization of the mucosal and submucosal vascular grid. Since previously published meta-analyses have shown poor specificity of autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy, we specifically studied the diagnostic accuracy of narrow-band imaging alone and in combination with autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy in the detection of premalignant airway lesions. METHODS: After an extensive search of eligible studies from PubMed and Medline, extracted data were pooled with weighted averages. Symmetrical summary-receiver operating characteristic curves were constructed to summarize the results quantitatively. Study heterogeneity was assessed by the I(2) index. RESULTS: Analysis of data from eight studies on narrow-band imaging showed a pooled sensitivity of 0.80 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.77-0.83] and a pooled specificity of 0.84 (95% CI: 0.81-0.86). Summary-receiver operating characteristic curves from the data on narrow-band imaging calculated an area-under-the-curve of 0.908 (standard error 0.01). The diagnostic odds ratio of narrow-band imaging was 31.49 (95% CI: 12.17-81.45). Data from studies where narrow-band imaging and autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy were used together showed a pooled sensitivity, specificity, area-under-the-curve and diagnostic odds ratios of 0.86 (95% CI: 0.82-0.89), 0.75 (95% CI: 0.71-0.79), 0.964 (standard error 0.05) and 27.96 (95% CI: 3.04-257.21), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that in the evaluation of premalignant airway lesions, narrow-band imaging has a higher sensitivity, specificity and diagnostic odds ratios compared with autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy. However, combining autofluorescence imaging bronchoscopy and narrow-band imaging does not significantly improve test performance characteristics."
"Journal Article"	"M. S. Weaver; K. E. Heinze; C. J. Bell; L. Wiener; A. M. Garee; K. P. Kelly; R. L. Casey; A. Watson; P. S. Hinds; S. Pediatric Palliative Care Special Interest Group at Children’s National Health"	"2016"	"Establishing psychosocial palliative care standards for children and adolescents with cancer and their families: An integrative review"	"Palliative medicine"	"30"	"3"	"212-223"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25921709
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4624613/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4624613/pdf/nihms676720.pdf"	"10.1177/0269216315583446"	"Literature review
integrative
palliative care
pediatric oncology
psychosocial
Adolescent
Caregivers/psychology
Child
Counseling/standards
Female
Health Services Accessibility/standards
Health Services Needs and Demand
Humans
Male
Needs Assessment
Neoplasms/psychology/*therapy
Palliative Care/organization & administration/*standards
Pediatrics/*standards
Qualitative Research
Quality of Health Care/standards
Social Support"	"BACKGROUND: Despite standardization in disease assessments and curative interventions for childhood cancer, palliative assessments and psychosocial interventions remain diverse and disparate. AIM: Identify current approaches to palliative care in the pediatric oncology setting to inform development of comprehensive psychosocial palliative care standards for pediatric and adolescent patients with cancer and their families. Analyze barriers to implementation and enabling factors. DESIGN: Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines framed the search strategy and reporting. Data analysis followed integrative review methodology. DATA SOURCES: Four databases were searched in May 2014 with date restrictions from 2000 to 2014: PubMed, Cochrane, PsycINFO, and Scopus. A total of 182 studies were included for synthesis. Types of studies included randomized and non-randomized trials with or without comparison groups, qualitative research, prior reviews, expert opinion, and consensus report. RESULTS: Integration of patient, parent, and clinician perspectives on end-of-life needs as gathered from primary manuscripts (using NVivo coding for first-order constructs) revealed mutual themes across stakeholders: holding to hope, communicating honestly, striving for relief from symptom burden, and caring for one another. Integration of themes from primary author palliative care outcome reports (second-order constructs) revealed the following shared priorities in cancer settings: care access; cost analysis; social support to include primary caregiver support, sibling care, bereavement outreach; symptom assessment and interventions to include both physical and psychological symptoms; communication approaches to include decision-making; and overall care quality. CONCLUSION: The study team coordinated landmark psychosocial palliative care papers into an informed conceptual model (third-order construct) for approaching pediatric palliative care and psychosocial support in oncology settings."
"Journal Article"	"M. B. Snowden; L. E. Steinman; W. L. Carlson; K. N. Mochan; A. F. Abraido-Lanza; L. L. Bryant; M. Duffy; B. G. Knight; D. V. Jeste; K. H. Leith; E. J. Lenze; R. G. Logsdon; W. A. Satariano; D. J. Zweiback; L. A. Anderson"	"2015"	"Effect of physical activity, social support, and skills training on late-life emotional health: a systematic literature review and implications for public health research"	"Frontiers in public health"	"2"		"213-213"	"Frontiers Media S.A."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25964921
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4410348/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4410348/pdf/fpubh-02-00213.pdf"	"10.3389/fpubh.2014.00213"	"aged
health promotion
mental health
review"	"PURPOSE: Given that emotional health is a critical component of healthy aging, we undertook a systematic literature review to assess whether current interventions can positively affect older adults' emotional health. METHODS: A national panel of health services and mental health researchers guided the review. Eligibility criteria included community-dwelling older adult (aged ≥ 50 years) samples, reproducible interventions, and emotional health outcomes, which included multiple domains and both positive (well-being) and illness-related (anxiety) dimensions. This review focused on three types of interventions - physical activity, social support, and skills training - given their public health significance and large number of studies identified. Panel members evaluated the strength of evidence (quality and effectiveness). RESULTS: In all, 292 articles met inclusion criteria. These included 83 exercise/physical activity, 25 social support, and 40 skills training interventions. For evidence rating, these 148 interventions were categorized into 64 pairings by intervention type and emotional health outcome, e.g., strength training targeting loneliness or social support to address mood. 83% of these pairings were rated at least fair quality. Expert panelists found sufficient evidence of effectiveness only for skills training interventions with health outcomes of decreasing anxiety and improving quality of life and self-efficacy. Due to limitations in reviewed studies, many intervention-outcome pairings yielded insufficient evidence. CONCLUSION: Skills training interventions improved several aspects of emotional health in community-dwelling older adults, while the effects for other outcomes and interventions lacked clear evidence. We discuss the implications and challenges in moving forward in this important area."
"Journal Article"	"S. E. Dunn; J. L. Vicini; K. C. Glenn; D. M. Fleischer; M. J. Greenhawt"	"2017"	"The allergenicity of genetically modified foods from genetically engineered crops: A narrative and systematic review"	"Annals of allergy, asthma & immunology : official publication of the American College of Allergy, Asthma, & Immunology"	"119"	"3"	"214-222.e3"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28890018"	"10.1016/j.anai.2017.07.010"	"Allergens/biosynthesis/*isolation & purification
Bacterial Proteins/biosynthesis/*isolation & purification
Crops, Agricultural/chemistry/genetics/*immunology
Food Hypersensitivity/*diagnosis/etiology/genetics/immunology
Food, Genetically Modified/*adverse effects
Humans
Immune Sera/chemistry
Immunoglobulin E/blood
Plants, Genetically Modified/chemistry/genetics/*immunology
Risk Assessment
Transgenes
Uncertainty"	
"Journal Article"	"M. Magid; J. Jones; L. A. Allen; C. K. McIlvennan; K. Magid; J. S. Thompson; D. D. Matlock"	"2016"	"The Perceptions of Important Elements of Caregiving for a Left Ventricular Assist Device Patient: A Qualitative Meta-Synthesis"	"The Journal of cardiovascular nursing"	"31"	"3"	"215-225"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25882647
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4607551/"	"10.1097/JCN.0000000000000242"	"Adaptation, Psychological
Adult
Caregivers/*psychology
Emotions
Heart Failure/psychology/*therapy
*Heart-Assist Devices
Humans
Life Change Events"	"BACKGROUND: The use of a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) is becoming increasingly common in patients with end-stage heart failure. Many LVAD programs require patients to have a caregiver before receiving a device. There are few studies exploring the experience, burden, and impacts on caregivers of patients with LVADs. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to synthesize the qualitative literature regarding caregiver's perceptions about caring for an adult LVAD patient. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, CINAHL, PsychInfo, and Web of Science to find English articles on the topic of LVAD caregiver's perceptions. The articles were then synthesized using a formal process of qualitative meta-synthesis. RESULTS: Eight articles met criteria for inclusion. The meta-synthesis across the articles resulted in 8 themes categorized under 3 domains. Many of the articles suggested a longitudinal process of caregiving with perceptions largely dependent upon the time of interview in relation to the LVAD. The first domain of caregiving is the "early" stage, covering the life before the LVAD through the procedure. This phase is characterized by the pre-LVAD "emotional rollercoaster," the decision seen as "no option," and the thought of "leave it [the LVAD] at the hospital." The second domain is the "middle" stage, covering the time frame after discharge from the hospital. This phase is characterized by fragility of the patient, recognition of a need to adapt, and a transformed life. The final domain is "late LVAD" and describes how late in the LVAD process the LVAD indication (bridge to transplant or destination therapy) brings in to focus what is important to caregivers. CONCLUSIONS: Existing literature indicates that the LVAD caregiver experience is intense as well as burdensome and entails the need to adapt to a new life. Given the burdens caregivers experience, clinicians and future research should explore strategies to support these important individuals."
"Journal Article"	"K. Matsuo; S. A. Whitman; E. A. Blake; C. L. Conturie; M. A. Ciccone; C. E. Jung; T. Takiuchi; M. Nishimura"	"2014"	"Feto-maternal outcome of pregnancy complicated by vulvar cancer: a systematic review of literature"	"European journal of obstetrics, gynecology, and reproductive biology"	"179"		"216-223"		"Ireland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24768232"	"10.1016/j.ejogrb.2014.04.017"	"Pregnancy
Review
Vulvar cancer
Adult
Cesarean Section
Disease-Free Survival
Female
Gestational Age
Humans
Pregnancy Complications, Neoplastic/mortality/*pathology/surgery
Pregnancy Outcome
Survival Analysis
Vulvar Neoplasms/mortality/*pathology/surgery"	"Vulvar cancer is an extremely rare complication during pregnancy, and its effect on pregnancy and survival is not well understood. A systematic literature review was conducted in order to examine the fetal and maternal outcomes and optimal management of pregnancy complicated by vulvar cancer. PubMed/MEDLINE were used to identify case reports with searching keywords "pregnancy" and "vulvar cancer" between January 1955 and February 2014 that identified 36 cases for analysis. Mean age was 30.7. The most common presenting symptom and gestational age were vulvar mass/swelling (75.0%) and the second trimester of pregnancy (54.8%), respectively. Vulvar biopsy at the time of initial presentation to care during pregnancy was performed in only 46.7% of cases. Among delayed cases for biopsy, mean duration of delay was 12.8 weeks and the majority had a delay for more than 8 weeks (62.5%). The majority of vulvar cancer was squamous histology (47.2%) and stage I disease (60.0%). Vulvectomy and inguinal-femoral lymphadenectomy were performed in 97.1% and 63.9%, respectively. Abdominal delivery was recorded in 46.2% of cases. Live birth and full term delivery rates were 96.3% and 74.0%, respectively. For survival analysis, delay in diagnosis and advanced stage disease were commonly associated with decreased disease-free survival (5-year rate, delay in diagnosis >8 versus ≤8 weeks, 0% versus 69.1%, hazard ratio (HR) 7.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.03-30.6, p=0.001; and stage III-IV versus stage I-II, 0% versus 59.8%, HR 3.35, 95% CI 1.16-9.68, p=0.011) and overall survival (5-year rate, delay in diagnosis >8 versus ≤8 weeks, 0% versus 67.1%, hazard ratio (HR) 14.8, 95% CI 1.77-124, p=0.001; and stage III-IV versus stage I-II, 0% versus 86.4%, HR 8.22, 95% CI 2.06-33.2, p<0.001). In conclusion, while the majority of cases resulted in good pregnancy outcomes, diagnosis of vulvar cancer during pregnancy is frequently delayed. Since delayed diagnosis is a significant prognosticator of decreased survival outcomes, early recognition is integral in the management of pregnancy complicated by vulvar cancer."
"Journal Article"	"B. T. Hines; M. A. Rank; B. L. Wright; L. A. Marks; J. B. Hagan; A. Straumann; M. Greenhawt; E. S. Dellon"	"2018"	"Minimally invasive biomarker studies in eosinophilic esophagitis: A systematic review"	"Annals of allergy, asthma & immunology : official publication of the American College of Allergy, Asthma, & Immunology"	"121"	"2"	"218-228"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29753832
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6104633/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6104633/pdf/nihms-979953.pdf"	"10.1016/j.anai.2018.05.005"	"Adult
Animals
Biomarkers/*metabolism
Biopsy
Breath Tests
Child
Diagnosis, Differential
Eosinophilic Esophagitis/*diagnosis
Eosinophils/*immunology
Esophagus/*pathology
Hematologic Tests
Humans"	"BACKGROUND: Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) is a chronic, inflammatory disease of the esophagus that currently requires repeated endoscopic biopsies for diagnosis and monitoring because no reliable noninvasive markers have been identified. OBJECTIVE: To identify promising minimally invasive EoE biomarkers and remaining gaps in biomarker validation. METHODS: We performed a systematic review of EMBASE, Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, and Web of Science from inception to June 6, 2017. Studies were included if patients met the 2007 consensus criteria for EoE diagnosis, a minimally invasive biomarker was assessed, and the study included at least 1 control for comparison. RESULTS: The search identified 2094 studies, with 234 reviewed at full-text level, and 49 included in the analysis (20 adult, 19 pediatric, 7 pediatric and adult, and 3 not stated). Most (26 of 49) were published after 2014. Thirty-five studies included healthy controls, 9 analyzed atopic controls, and 29 compared samples from patients with active and inactive EoE. Minimally invasive biomarkers were obtained from peripheral blood (n = 41 studies), sponge or string samples (n = 3), oral or throat swab secretions (n = 2), breath condensate (n = 2), stool (n = 2), and urine (n = 2). The most commonly reported biomarkers were peripheral blood eosinophils (n = 16), blood and string eosinophil granule proteins (n = 14), and eosinophil surface or intracellular markers (n = 12). EoE biomarkers distinguished active EoE from healthy controls in 23 studies, atopic controls in 2 studies, and inactive EoE controls in 20 studies. CONCLUSION: Several promising minimally invasive biomarkers for EoE have emerged; however, few are able to differentiate EoE from other atopic diseases."
"Journal Article"	"J. G. Labadie; A. G. Florek; T. VandenBoom; P. Yazdan; A. L. Krunic"	"2018"	"Micropapular Cutaneous Sarcoidosis Reviewed"	"Dermatology (Basel, Switzerland)"	"234"	"5-6"	"220-225"		"Switzerland"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30278434
https://www.karger.com/Article/Abstract/493122"	"10.1159/000493122"	"Cutaneous sarcoidosis
Micropapular sarcoidosis
Noncaseating granuloma
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Prognosis
Recurrence
Sarcoidosis/*diagnosis/*drug therapy/etiology/pathology
Skin Diseases/*diagnosis/*drug therapy/etiology/pathology"	"BACKGROUND: Micropapular cutaneous sarcoidosis (MPCS) is a rare variant of sarcoidosis. Herein we review the literature and include a recent case of MPCS discussing pathogenesis, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis. METHOD: A review was conducted using the terms "micropapular sarcoidosis" and "micropapular sarcoid." A recent case of a 50-year-old male patient with biopsy-identified MPCS was also included in the review. RESULTS: In total, 12 cases with an aggregate of 18 patients were included in the review. Presentation among all patients was consistent, with scattered, occasionally pruritic, faintly erythematous shiny white papules. Skin biopsy demonstrated noncaseating granulomas. Systemic prednisone, oxytetracycline, and hydroxychloroquine, as well as topical betamethasone, were used for therapy. CONCLUSION: In our review there does not seem to be a clear link as to the definite cause of the MPCS. While the relationships to tuberculosis and autoimmunity seem to be often emphasized, there was no clear association with either etiology."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Khan; C. L. Werner; T. M. Darragh; R. S. Guido; C. Mathews; A.-B. Moscicki; M. M. Mitchell; M. Schiffman; N. Wentzensen; L. S. Massad; E. J. Mayeaux, Jr.; A. G. Waxman; C. Conageski; M. H. Einstein; W. K. Huh"	"2017"	"ASCCP Colposcopy Standards: Role of Colposcopy, Benefits, Potential Harms, and Terminology for Colposcopic Practice"	"Journal of lower genital tract disease"	"21"	"4"	"223-229"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28953110"	"10.1097/LGT.0000000000000338"	"Biopsy/adverse effects/*methods/*standards
Colposcopy/adverse effects/*methods/*standards
Early Detection of Cancer/adverse effects/*methods/*standards
Female
Humans
Terminology as Topic
United States
Uterine Cervical Neoplasms/*prevention & control"	"OBJECTIVES: The American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology Colposcopy Standards address the role of and approach to colposcopy and biopsy for cervical cancer prevention in the United States. Working Group 1 was tasked with defining the role of colposcopy, describing benefits and potential harms, and developing an official terminology. METHODS: A systematic literature review was performed. A national survey of American Society for Colposcopy and Cervical Pathology members provided input on current terminology use. The 2011 International Federation for Cervical Pathology and Colposcopy terminology was used as a template and modified to fit colposcopic practice in the United States. For areas without data, expert consensus guided the recommendation. Draft recommendations were posted online for public comment and presented at an open session of the 2017 International Federation for Cervical Pathology and Colposcopy World Congress for further comment. All comments were considered for the final version. RESULTS: Colposcopy is used in the evaluation of abnormal or inconclusive cervical cancer screening tests. Colposcopy aids the identification of cervical precancers that can be treated, and it allows for conservative management of abnormalities unlikely to progress. The potential harms of colposcopy include pain, psychological distress, and adverse effects of the procedure. A comprehensive colposcopy examination should include documentation of cervix visibility, squamocolumnar junction visibility, presence of acetowhitening, presence of a lesion(s), lesion(s) visibility, size and location of lesions, vascular changes, other features of lesion(s), and colposcopic impression. Minimum criteria for reporting include squamocolumnar junction visibility, presence of acetowhitening, presence of a lesion(s), and colposcopic impression. CONCLUSIONS: A recommended terminology for use in US colposcopic practice was developed, with comprehensive and minimal criteria for reporting."
"Journal Article"	"S. Wesselhoff; T. A. Hanke; C. C. Evans"	"2018"	"Community mobility after stroke: a systematic review"	"Topics in stroke rehabilitation"	"25"	"3"	"224-238"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29322861
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/10749357.2017.1419617?needAccess=true"	"10.1080/10749357.2017.1419617"	"*Stroke
*cerebrovascular accident
*community mobility
*community reintegration
*participation
*physical therapy
*stroke outcome measures
*Community Participation
Humans
*Mobility Limitation
*Stroke Rehabilitation"	"Background Stroke is the leading cause of severe disability and many survivors report long-term physical or cognitive impairments that may impact their ability to achieve community mobility (CM). PURPOSE: To determine the extent to which people with chronic stroke achieve CM compared to age-matched norms or non-neurologically impaired controls. Methods The StrokEDGE outcome measures were searched to identify validated tools that included >25% of items addressing CM. MEDLINE, CINAHL, Google Scholar, PubMed, PEDro and the Cochrane databases were searched from 2001 to 2015 with the identified outcome measures cross-referenced against search terms related to stroke and CM. INCLUSION CRITERIA: utilized a validated CM outcome measure, chronic (>3 months post) stroke survivors, and randomized controlled trial, observational or cohort study design. One reviewer screened the studies and performed data extraction and three performed quality appraisal. Fourteen studies met all inclusion criteria. Results Stroke survivors have impaired CM as demonstrated by 30-83% of normative or non-stroke subject CM scores. As time post-stroke increased, CM improved only slightly. Factors found to correlate with the CM were age, education, general well-being, emotional state, motor function and coordination, independence in activities of daily living, balance, endurance and driving status. Limitations of this review include a relatively high functioning cohort, no meta-analysis and reliance on outcome measures not specifically designed to measure CM. Conclusion Survivors of stroke may experience a significant decrease in CM compared to people without neurological injury. Rehabilitation addressing motor function, coordination, independence in activities of daily living, balance and endurance may be important for achieving higher levels of CM. Outcome measures directly addressing CM are needed."
"Journal Article"	"D. L. Dixon; S. P. Dunn; M. S. Kelly; T. R. McLlarky; R. E. Brown"	"2016"	"Effectiveness of Pharmacist-Led Amiodarone Monitoring Services on Improving Adherence to Amiodarone Monitoring Recommendations: A Systematic Review"	"Pharmacotherapy"	"36"	"2"	"230-236"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26846446
https://accpjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/phar.1697"	"10.1002/phar.1697"	"amiodarone
antiarrhythmic
drug monitoring
pharmacist
Amiodarone/*adverse effects/therapeutic use
Anti-Arrhythmia Agents/*adverse effects/therapeutic use
Atrial Fibrillation/drug therapy
*Drug Monitoring/trends
*Evidence-Based Medicine
*Guideline Adherence
Humans
International Agencies
*Pharmacists
Practice Guidelines as Topic
*Professional Role
Quality Improvement
Quality of Health Care"	"Amiodarone remains the mostly frequently used antiarrhythmic in clinical practice and is most often used to maintain normal sinus rhythm in patients with atrial fibrillation who have failed a rate control strategy. Amiodarone has superior efficacy over other antiarrhythmics, a lower risk of torsade de pointes, and a better cardiovascular safety profile in patients with structural heart disease. However, amiodarone is associated with notable noncardiac toxicities affecting the thyroid, lungs, eyes, liver, and central nervous system. Since 2000, clinicians have been advised to follow amiodarone monitoring guidelines provided by the Heart Rhythm Society. Adherence to these recommendations in clinical practice, however, is suboptimal. Pharmacists play a major role in ensuring the safe and effective use of medications, particularly high-risk medications such as amiodarone. This qualitative review details the evidence supporting the role of pharmacist-led amiodarone monitoring services (AMS) in improving adherence to amiodarone monitoring guidelines and identifying adverse effects. Five studies were identified, and, overall, these programs had a favorable impact on improving adherence to guideline-recommended monitoring standards for amiodarone. The available evidence is limited by the significant variations in study designs and outcome definitions, lack of patient randomization, and limited generalizability. Nevertheless, available studies suggest that pharmacist-led AMS may improve adherence to recommended monitoring guidelines and identification of amiodarone-related adverse effects. Further study is warranted to demonstrate whether these services impact the overall quality of care provided to patients receiving amiodarone, which may justify broader implementation."
"Journal Article"	"J. Winston; M. Chonchol; J. Gallant; J. Durr; R. B. Canada; H. Liu; P. Martin; K. Patel; J. Hindman; D. Piontkowsky"	"2014"	"Discontinuation of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate for presumed renal adverse events in treatment-naïve HIV-1 patients: meta-analysis of randomized clinical studies"	"HIV clinical trials"	"15"	"6"	"231-245"	"Centre for Reviews and Dissemination (UK)"	"York (UK)"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25433663
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK291936/
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1310/hct1506-231?needAccess=true"	"10.1310/hct1506-231"	"adverse events
discontinuation
human immunodeficiency virus
renal toxicity
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate
Adenine/administration & dosage/adverse effects/*analogs & derivatives/therapeutic use
Adult
Drug Administration Schedule
HIV Infections/*drug therapy
Humans
Kidney Diseases/*chemically induced
Organophosphonates/administration & dosage/*adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Risk Factors
Tenofovir"	"BACKGROUND: Safety and efficacy of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) as a component of antiretroviral therapy (ART) have been demonstrated in clinical trials. TDF nephrotoxicity has been reported in both HIV-infected and noninfected patients. This meta-analysis explored the frequency of discontinuation attributed to renal adverse events (AEs) in randomized, controlled clinical studies that used TDF-containing regimens for ART-naïve, HIV-infected patients. METHODS: A literature search of 4 electronic databases through October 31, 2013 was utilized. RCTs included were limited to randomized, prospective, comparative design in ART treatment-naïve adults with HIV-1 infections receiving ART. Studies included trials containing TDF treatment regimens, with or without a non-TDF control group. Study design, follow-up, size of study population, treatment group, patient demographics, number of patients exposed to TDF or non-TDF control, baseline characteristics, investigator-defined criteria for renal AEs, and number of discontinuations due to a presumed renal AEs were extracted. RESULTS: Twenty-one clinical studies met the selection criteria. Treatment duration ranged from 48 to 288 weeks. Renal AEs led to study drug discontinuation in 44 of 10,129 patients exposed to TDF (0.43%; 95% CI, 0.32%-0.58%) and 2 of 2,013 patients exposed to non-TDF-containing regimens (0.10%; 95% CI, 0.01%-0.36%). In 5 randomized, controlled studies that included a non-TDF comparator, the estimated risk difference between the treatment groups (TDF vs non-TDF) was 0.50% (95% CI, 0.13%-0.86%; P = .007). CONCLUSIONS: In clinical studies using TDF-containing regimens, the rate of discontinuations due to renal AEs was low, but was slightly higher than in studies using non-TDF comparators."
"Journal Article"	"A. G. Blood; M. F. Sandoval; E. Burger; K. Halverson-Carpenter"	"2017"	"Risk and Protective Factors Associated with Surgical Infections among Spine Patients"	"Surgical infections"	"18"	"3"	"234-249"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28394747"	"10.1089/sur.2016.183"	"*orthopedic spinal surgery
*post-operative risk factors
*post-operative spinal infection
*surgical site infection
Humans
Protective Factors
Risk Factors
Spinal Diseases/*surgery
*Spinal Injuries
Surgical Wound Infection/*epidemiology"	"BACKGROUND: The purpose of the study was to identify patient-specific and procedure-specific risk and protective factors associated with post-operative surgical site infections (SSIs) among surgical spine patients. METHODS: CINAHL, PubMed, Ovid, Medline, and EBSCO databases were searched for articles within the past 10 years (January 2003-March 2015). The keywords and combinations used in the search included: Spine surgery, post-operative infection, risk factors, orthopedic infections. The search resulted in 842 articles of which 29 met inclusion criteria. This systematic review adheres to preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses guidelines. RESULTS: Evidence about patient-specific and procedure-specific factors associated with increased risk of post-operative SSIs among patients undergoing orthopedic spinal surgery is inconclusive. Gender (male), age, body mass index, cigarette smoking, diabetes mellitus, a history of infection and alcohol abuse were identified as common patient-specific risk factors. Blood transfusion, implantation, and steroid use were found to increase SSIs in certain studies and associated with no significant difference in other studies. Protective factors include the implementation of pre-operative elements to reduce infection; protocols addressing patient-related factors (smoking, weight, glucose) and operation-related factors (antibiotic prophylaxis, prosthetics, length of operation, and pre-operative cultures); incision drains placed intra-operatively; anterior approach; laminar-flow operating theater, and skin antisepsis using chlorhexidine. CONCLUSIONS: Interventions focusing on minimizing patient-specific risk factors and operation-specific risk factors and optimizing patient-specific protective factors and operation-specific protective factors are most effective in minimizing the likelihood of a post-operative infection among patients undergoing orthopedic spinal surgical procedures. The studies reviewed provide conflicting evidence relative to risk and protective factors."
"Journal Article"	"I. H. Iftikhar; F. R. McGuire; A. I. Musani"	"2014"	"Predictors of efficacy for endobronchial valves in bronchoscopic lung volume reduction: A meta-analysis"	"Chronic respiratory disease"	"11"	"4"	"237-245"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25147348"	"10.1177/1479972314546766"	"Endobronchial valves
bronchoscopy
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
emphysema
lung volume reduction
meta-analysis
*Bronchoscopy
Emphysema/physiopathology/*therapy
Humans
Pneumonectomy/*instrumentation/methods
*Prostheses and Implants
Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive/physiopathology/*therapy
Treatment Outcome"	"Over the last several years, numerous trials have been carried out to check the efficacy of one-way valves in the management of advanced emphysema. While the design of the valves has not altered much, by selectively studying these valves in a select group of participants, such as those with and without intact fissures (FI+ and FI-), and by using different procedural techniques, our understanding of the valves has evolved. In this meta-analysis, we sought to study the effect of these factors on the efficacy of one-way valves. From PubMed and Embase, we included only those studies that provided separate data on fissure integrity or collateral ventilation. Our study outcomes included the mean change in forced expiratory volume in first second (FEV1), 6-minute walk distance (6MWD) and the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ). In the FI+ subgroup of participants, the pooled standardized mean difference in FEV1, 6MWD, and SGRQ were 0.50 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.34 to 0.67), p ≤ 0.001, 0.29 (95% CI: 0.13 to 0.45), p ≤ 0.001 and -6.02 (95% CI: -12.12 to 0.06), p = 0.05, respectively. In comparison, these results were superior to the FI- subgroup of participants. A separate analysis of the FI+ subgroup based on lobar occlusion versus nonlobar occlusion favored the former for superior efficacy. The preliminary findings of our meta-analysis confirm that one-way valves perform better in a select group of patients who show intact fissures on lung imaging pretreatment and in those who achieve lobar occlusion."
"Journal Article"	"A. N. Larson; C.-E. Aubin; D. W. Polly, Jr.; C. G. T. Ledonio; B. S. Lonner; S. A. Shah; B. S. Richards, 3rd; M. A. Erickson; J. B. Emans; S. L. Weinstein; G. Minimize Implants Maximize Outcomes Study"	"2013"	"Are More Screws Better? A Systematic Review of Anchor Density and Curve Correction in Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis"	"Spine deformity"	"1"	"4"	"237-247"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27927354"	"10.1016/j.jspd.2013.05.009"	"Anchor point
Curve correction
Implant
Scoliosis
Screw"	"STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review of clinical studies. OBJECTIVES: To critically evaluate existing literature to determine whether increased anchor or implant density (screws, wires, and hooks per level fused) results in improved curve correction for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS) surgery. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Wide variability exists in the number of screws used for AIS surgery. High numbers of pedicle screws are increasingly used, but there is limited evidence to support this as best practice. METHODS: Online English-language databases were searched to identify articles addressing anchor density. Articles were reviewed for anchor type/number, radiographic measures, and patient-reported outcomes. RESULTS: Of 196 references identified, 10 studies totaling 929 patients met the inclusion criteria. Reported mean anchor density varied from 1.06 to 2.0 implants per level fused. Mean percent coronal curve correction varied from 64% to 70%. Two studies (463 patients) analyzed hook, hybrid (combined hooks and screws), and screw constructs as a single cohort. Both found increased correction with high-density constructs (p = .01, p < .001), perhaps as a result of the hooks and hybrid constructs. Eight retrospective studies and 1 prospective randomized, controlled trial had predominantly screw constructs (466 patients). Increased anchor density was not associated with improved curve correction. The studies evaluating screw density are significantly underpowered to detect a difference in curve correction. CONCLUSIONS: Wide heterogeneity in anchor density exists in the surgical treatment of AIS. Reports evaluating the effects of increased anchor density are mostly retrospective and significantly underpowered to detect a difference in curve correction and patient outcomes. At this time, there is insufficient evidence to show that anchor density affects clinical outcomes in AIS."
"Journal Article"	"K. V. Sachs; B. Harnke; P. S. Mehler; M. J. Krantz"	"2016"	"Cardiovascular complications of anorexia nervosa: A systematic review"	"The International journal of eating disorders"	"49"	"3"	"238-248"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26710932
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/eat.22481"	"10.1002/eat.22481"	"anorexia nervosa
cardiovascular
conduction
hemodynamic
myocardial fibrosis
peripheral vascular
repolarization
Adolescent
Adult
Anorexia Nervosa/*complications
Cardiovascular Diseases/*etiology
Female
Humans
Male"	"OBJECTIVE: Anorexia nervosa portends the highest mortality among psychiatric diseases, despite primarily being a disease of adolescents and younger adults. Although some of this mortality risk is attributable to suicide, many deaths are likely cardiovascular in etiology. Recent studies suggest that adverse myocardial structural changes occur in this condition, which could underlie the increased mortality. Given limited prevalence of severe anorexia there is a paucity of clinical and autopsy data to discern an exact cause of death. METHODS: Given this background we conducted a systematic review of the medical literature to provide a contemporary summary of the pathobiologic sequelae of severe anorexia nervosa on the cardiovascular system. We sought to elucidate the impact of anorexia nervosa in four cardiovascular domains: structural, repolarization/conduction, hemodynamic, and peripheral vascular. RESULTS: A number of cardiac abnormalities associated with anorexia nervosa have been described in the literature, including pericardial and valvular pathology, changes in left ventricular mass and function, conduction abnormalities, bradycardia, hypotension, and dysregulation in peripheral vascular contractility. Despite the prevalent theory that malignant arrhythmias are implicated as a cause of sudden death in this disorder, data to support this causal relationship are lacking. DISCUSSION: It is reasonable to obtain routine electrocardiography and measurements of orthostatic vital signs in patients presenting with anorexia nervosa. Echocardiography is generally not indicated unless prompted by clinical signs of disease. Admission to an inpatient unit with telemetry monitoring is recommended for patients with severe sinus bradycardia or junction rhythm, marked prolongation of the corrected QT interval, or syncope."
"Journal Article"	"P. W. Noble; C. Albera; W. Z. Bradford; U. Costabel; R. M. du Bois; E. A. Fagan; R. S. Fishman; I. Glaspole; M. K. Glassberg; L. Lancaster; D. J. Lederer; J. A. Leff; S. D. Nathan; C. A. Pereira; J. J. Swigris; D. Valeyre; T. E. King, Jr."	"2016"	"Pirfenidone for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: analysis of pooled data from three multinational phase 3 trials"	"The European respiratory journal"	"47"	"1"	"243-253"	"European Respiratory Society"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26647432
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4697914/"	"10.1183/13993003.00026-2015"	"Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Anti-Inflammatory Agents, Non-Steroidal/*therapeutic use
Clinical Trials, Phase III as Topic
Disease Progression
Exercise Test
Female
Forced Expiratory Volume
Humans
Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis/*drug therapy/physiopathology
International Cooperation
Male
Middle Aged
Pulmonary Diffusing Capacity
Pyridones/*therapeutic use
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Treatment Outcome
Vital Capacity"	"Pirfenidone is an antifibrotic agent that has been evaluated in three multinational phase 3 trials in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). We analysed pooled data from the multinational trials to obtain the most precise estimates of the magnitude of treatment effect on measures of disease progression.All patients randomised to pirfenidone 2403 mg·day(-1) or placebo in the CAPACITY or ASCEND studies were included in the analysis. Pooled analyses of outcomes at 1 year were based on the pre-specified end-points and analytic methods described in the ASCEND study protocol.A total of 1247 patients were included in the analysis. At 1 year, pirfenidone reduced the proportion of patients with a ≥10% decline in per cent predicted forced vital capacity or death by 43.8% (95% CI 29.3-55.4%) and increased the proportion of patients with no decline by 59.3% (95% CI 29.0-96.8%). A treatment benefit was also observed for progression-free survival, 6-min walk distance and dyspnoea. Gastrointestinal and skin-related adverse events were more common in the pirfenidone group, but rarely led to discontinuation.Analysis of data from three phase 3 trials demonstrated that treatment with pirfenidone for 1 year resulted in clinically meaningful reductions in disease progression in patients with IPF."
"Journal Article"	"K. B. Lewis; D. Stacey; D. D. Matlock"	"2014"	"Making Decisions About Implantable Cardioverter-Defibrillators from Implantation to End of Life: An Integrative Review of Patients' Perspectives"	"Patient-Patient Centered Outcomes Research"	"7"	"3"	"243-260"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000344367000003
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs40271-014-0055-2"	"10.1007/s40271-014-0055-2"	"of-life
heart-failure
deactivation
perceptions
care
preferences
encounter
pacemaker
framework
attitudes
Health Care Sciences & Services"	"Implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs) are used for patients at risk of sudden cardiac death. Patients considering ICD therapy are faced with several preference-sensitive decisions. Our aim was to explore patients' ICD decision-making experiences from the decision to implant to the consideration of deactivation at end of life. We conducted an integrative review using Whittemore and Knafl's five steps. MEDLINE, CINAHL, PubMed, PsycINFO, and the Cochrane library were searched from 2000 to 2013. Eligible studies focused on the patient response regarding ICD decision-making. Key themes were identified and used as a framework to discuss findings through the chronological course of decisions faced by these patients. Of 354 potential citations, 25 articles were included. The trajectory of key decision points was whether or not to initiate ICD therapy, replace the battery, and deactivate at end of life. Three common themes from patients' perspectives were the influence of the patient-practitioner consultation on knowledge uptake, patients' decision-making preference, and their desire to live. Patients faced with ICD-related decisions often misunderstood the functionality of their ICD, or overestimated its benefit. They also expressed mixed preferences for the desire to be involved in decisions. The decisions around ICDs are particularly difficult for patients given the life and death trade off. Clinicians involved in the care of these patients could better support them by verifying their understanding and eliciting their preferences. Using a shared decision-making approach has the potential to achieve improved patient outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"P. Cuijpers; E. Weitz; F. Lamers; B. W. Penninx; J. Twisk; R. J. DeRubeis; S. Dimidjian; B. W. Dunlop; R. B. Jarrett; Z. V. Segal; S. D. Hollon"	"2017"	"Melancholic and atypical depression as predictor and moderator of outcome in cognitive behavior therapy and pharmacotherapy for adult depression"	"Depression and anxiety"	"34"	"3"	"246-256"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27921338
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/da.22580"	"10.1002/da.22580"	"*antidepressants
*atypical depression
*cognitive behavior therapy
*melancholia
*meta-analysis
Adult
Antidepressive Agents/*therapeutic use
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy/*methods
Depressive Disorder/drug therapy/*psychology/*therapy
Female
Humans
Male
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Melancholic and atypical depression are widely thought to moderate or predict outcome of pharmacological and psychological treatments of adult depression, but that has not yet been established. This study uses the data from four earlier trials comparing cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) versus antidepressant medications (ADMs; and pill placebo when available) to examine the extent to which melancholic and atypical depression moderate or predict outcome in an "individual patient data" meta-analysis. METHODS: We conducted a systematic search for studies directly comparing CBT versus ADM, contacted the researchers, integrated the resulting datasets from these studies into one big dataset, and selected the studies that included melancholic or atypical depressive subtyping according to DSM-IV criteria at baseline (n = 4, with 805 patients). After multiple imputation of missing data at posttest, mixed models were used to conduct the main analyses. RESULTS: In none of the analyses was melancholic or atypical depression found to significantly moderate outcome (indicating a better or worse outcome of these patients in CBT compared to ADM; i.e., an interaction), predict outcome independent of treatment group (i.e., a main effect), or predict outcome within a given modality. The outcome differences between patients with melancholia or atypical depression versus those without were consistently very small (all effect sizes g < 0.10). CONCLUSIONS: We found no indication that melancholic or atypical depressions are significant or relevant moderators or predictors of outcome of CBT and ADM."
"Journal Article"	"M. E. O'Neil; K. F. Carlson; D. Storzbach; L. A. Brenner; M. Freeman; A. R. Quinones; M. Motu'apuaka; D. Kansagara"	"2014"	"Factors Associated with Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in Veterans and Military Personnel: A Systematic Review"	"Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society"	"20"	"3"	"249-261"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000339561800001
https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/aop-cambridge-core/content/view/F42F2E16A8BF52AC1B3F6E2061DBD880/S1355617714000204a.pdf/div-class-title-ins-volume-20-issue-3-cover-and-front-matter-div.pdf"	"10.1017/s135561771300146x"	"Mild traumatic brain injury
Veteran
Military
Systematic review
Combat deployment
Cognitive functioning
Deployment related conditions
posttraumatic-stress-disorder
service members
neuropsychological
performance
postconcussive symptoms
oef/oif veterans
blast
concussion
headaches
impact
utility
Neurosciences & Neurology
Psychiatry
Psychology"	"A history of mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) is common among military members who served in Operations Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom, and New Dawn (OEF/OIF/OND). We completed a systematic review to describe the cognitive, mental health, physical health, functional, social, and cost consequences of mTBI in Veteran and military personnel. Of 2668 reviewed abstracts, the 31 included studies provided very low strength evidence for the questions of interest. Cognitive, physical, and mental health symptoms were commonly reported by Veterans/military members with a history of mTBI. On average, these symptoms were not significantly more common in those with a history of mTBI than in those without, although a lack of significant mean differences does not preclude the possibility that some individuals could experience substantial effects related to mTBI history. Evidence of potential risk or protective factors moderating mTBI outcomes was unclear. Although the overall strength of evidence is very low due to methodological limitations of included studies, our findings are consistent with civilian studies. Appropriate re-integration services are needed to address common comorbid conditions, such as treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder, substance use disorders, headaches, and other difficulties that Veterans and members of the military may experience after deployment regardless of mTBI history."
"Journal Article"	"S. J. Herzig; S. L. Calcaterra; H. J. Mosher; M. V. Ronan; N. V. Groningen; L. Shek; A. Loffredo; M. Keller; A. B. Jena; T. K. Nuckols"	"2018"	"Safe Opioid Prescribing for Acute Noncancer Pain in Hospitalized Adults: A Systematic Review of Existing Guidelines"	"Journal of hospital medicine"	"13"	"4"	"256-262"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29624188
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6278929/"	"10.12788/jhm.2979"	"Acute Pain/*drug therapy
Analgesics, Opioid/*therapeutic use
Guideline Adherence/*standards
Hospitalization
Humans
Pain Management
*Practice Patterns, Physicians'"	"BACKGROUND: Pain is common among hospitalized patients. Inpatient prescribing of opioids is not without risk. Acute pain management guidelines could inform safe prescribing of opioids in the hospital and limit associated unintended consequences. PURPOSE: To evaluate the quality and content of existing guidelines for acute, noncancer pain management. DATA SOURCES: The National Guideline Clearinghouse, MEDLINE via PubMed, websites of relevant specialty societies and other organizations, and selected international search engines. STUDY SELECTION: Guidelines published between January 2010 and August 2017 addressing acute, noncancer pain management among adults were considered. Guidelines that focused on chronic pain, specific diseases, and the nonhospital setting were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION: Quality was assessed using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II (AGREE II) instrument. DATA SYNTHESIS: Four guidelines met the selection criteria. Most recommendations were based on expert consensus. The guidelines recommended restricting opioids to severe pain or pain that has not responded to nonopioid therapy, using the lowest effective dose of short-acting opioids for the shortest duration possible, and co-prescribing opioids with nonopioid analgesics. The guidelines generally recommended checking the prescription drug monitoring program when prescribing opioids, developing goals for patient recovery, and educating patients regarding the risks and side effects of opioid therapy. Additional recommendations included using an opioid dose conversion guide, avoidance of co-administration of parenteral and oral opioids, and using caution when co-prescribing opioids with other central nervous system depressants. CONCLUSIONS: Guidelines, based largely on expert opinion, recommend judicious prescribing of opioids for severe, acute pain. Future work should assess the implications of these recommendations on hospital-based pain management."
"Journal Article"	"H. Nelson; S. Cartier; F. Allen-Ramey; S. Lawton; M. A. Calderon"	"2015"	"Network meta-analysis shows commercialized subcutaneous and sublingual grass products have comparable efficacy"	"The journal of allergy and clinical immunology. In practice"	"3"	"2"	"256-266.e3"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25609326"	"10.1016/j.jaip.2014.09.018"	"Allergen immunotherapy
grass pollen
immunotherapy
meta-analysis
subcutaneous immunotherapy
sublingual immunotherapy
Administration, Sublingual
Conjunctivitis, Allergic/*therapy
Desensitization, Immunologic/*methods
Humans
Injections, Subcutaneous
Poaceae/*immunology
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal/*therapy
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT) and sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) have been shown to effectively treat grass pollen allergies, although direct comparisons are sparse. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the relative efficacy of SLIT tablets compared with SCIT and SLIT drops in commercially available products though network meta-analysis. METHODS: A literature search of MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane Library publications. Randomized, double-blind clinical trials of SCIT, SLIT drops, and SLIT tablets for grass pollen were included. Bayesian network meta-analyses estimated the standardized mean difference (SMD) across 3 immunotherapy modalities on allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptom and medication score data from publications or received from authors. Both fixed and random effects models were investigated. RESULTS: Thirty-seven studies were included in meta-analyses for symptom scores and 31 studies for medication scores. In the random effects model, SCIT and SLIT tablets were significantly different from placebo for symptom scores: SMDs (95% CI) of -0.32 (-0.45 to -0.18) and -0.32 (-0.41 to -0.23), respectively. No significant difference was identified for SLIT drops compared with placebo (SMD, -0.17; -0.37 to 0.04). For medication scores, significant differences compared with placebo were observed for SCIT (SMD, -0.33; 95% CI, -0.52 to -0.13), SLIT tablets (SMD, -0.23; 95% CI, -0.29 to -0.17), and SLIT drops (SMD, -0.44; 95% CI, -0.83 to -0.06). Network meta-analysis revealed no significant differences in SMDs (95% credible interval) for symptom scores (0.0145 [-0.19 to 0.23]) or medication scores (0.133 [-0.31 to 0.57]) between SLIT tablets and SCIT, or for symptom scores (-0.175 [-0.37 to 0.02]) and medication scores (0.188 [-0.18 to 0.56]) between SLIT tablets and SLIT drops. CONCLUSIONS: The comparisons for grass pollen immunotherapy products commercialized in at least 1 country indicate comparable reductions in allergic rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and supplemental medication use for SLIT tablets and SCIT in the first pollen season."
"Journal Article"	"S. D. Adar; P. A. Filigrana; N. Clements; J. L. Peel"	"2014"	"Ambient Coarse Particulate Matter and Human Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Current environmental health reports"	"1"	"3"	"258-274"	"Springer International Publishing"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25152864
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4129238/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4129238/pdf/40572_2014_Article_22.pdf"	"10.1007/s40572-014-0022-z"	"Air pollution
Cardiovascular
Case-crossover
Coarse particulate matter
Health
Hospitalizations
Mortality
Respiratory
Time-series"	"Airborne particles have been linked to increased mortality and morbidity. As most research has focused on fine particles (PM(2.5)), the health implications of coarse particles (PM(10-2.5)) are not well understood. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of associations for short- and long-term PM(10-2.5) concentrations with mortality and hospital admissions. Using 23 mortality and 10 hospital admissions studies, we documented suggestive evidence of increased morbidity and mortality in relation to higher short-term PM(10-2.5) concentrations, with stronger relationships for respiratory than cardiovascular endpoints. Reported associations were highly heterogeneous, however, especially by geographic region and average PM(10-2.5) concentrations. Adjustment for PM(2.5) and publication bias resulted in weaker and less precise effect estimates, although positive associations remained for short-term PM(10-2.5) concentrations. Inconsistent relationships between effect estimates for PM(10-2.5) and correlations between PM(10-2.5) and PM(2.5) concentrations, however, indicate that PM(10-2.5) associations cannot be solely explained by co-exposure to PM(2.5). While suggestive evidence was found of increased mortality with long-term PM(10-2.5) concentrations, these associations were not robust to control for PM(2.5). Additional research is required to better understand sources of heterogeneity of associations between PM(10-2.5) and adverse health outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"O. Martinez; J. Boles; M. Munoz-Laboy; E. C. Levine; C. Ayamele; R. Eisenberg; J. Manusov; J. Draine"	"2017"	"Bridging Health Disparity Gaps through the Use of Medical Legal Partnerships in Patient Care: A Systematic Review"	"Journal of Law Medicine & Ethics"	"45"	"2"	"260-273"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000405574300011"	"10.1177/1073110517720654"	"information exchange
records
privacy
illness
Social Sciences - Other Topics
Government & Law
Medical Ethics
Legal
Medicine"	
"Journal Article"	"T. D. Rachakonda; J. S. Dhillon; A. G. Florek; A. W. Armstrong"	"2015"	"Effect of tonsillectomy on psoriasis: a systematic review"	"Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology"	"72"	"2"	"261-275"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25455609"	"10.1016/j.jaad.2014.10.013"	"outcomes research
psoriasis
streptococcal infection
systematic review
tonsillectomy
tonsillitis
Comorbidity
Humans
Psoriasis/classification/epidemiology/*surgery
Recurrence
Severity of Illness Index
Streptococcal Infections/*epidemiology
*Tonsillectomy
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Streptococcal infection is associated with psoriasis onset in some patients. Whether tonsillectomy decreases psoriasis symptoms requires a systematic review of the literature. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether tonsillectomy reduces psoriasis severity through a comprehensive search of over 50 years of literature. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, CINAHL, Cochrane, EMBASE, Web of Science, and OVID databases (from August 1, 1960, to September 12, 2013) and performed a manual search of selected references. We identified observational studies and clinical trials examining psoriasis after tonsillectomy. RESULTS: We included data from 20 articles from the last 53 years with 545 patients with psoriasis who were evaluated for or underwent tonsillectomy. Of 410 reported cases of patients with psoriasis who underwent tonsillectomy, 290 experienced improvement in their psoriasis. Although some patients who underwent tonsillectomy experienced sustained improvement in psoriasis, others experienced psoriasis relapse after the procedure. LIMITATIONS: Fifteen of 20 publications were case reports or series that lacked control groups. Publication bias favoring reporting improved cases needs to be considered. CONCLUSION: Tonsillectomy may be a potential option for patients with recalcitrant psoriasis associated with episodes of tonsillitis. Studies with long-term follow-up are warranted to determine more clearly the extent and persistence of benefit of tonsillectomy in psoriasis."
"Journal Article"	"W. Manzanares; M. Lemieux; P. L. Langlois; P. E. Wischmeyer"	"2016"	"Probiotic and synbiotic therapy in critical illness: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Critical care (London, England)"	"19"		"262-81"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27538711
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4991010/"	"10.1186/s13054-016-1434-y"	"Critical care
Infections
Probiotics
Synbiotics
Systematic review
Ventilator-associated pneumonia
Bacterial Infections/*prevention & control
*Critical Illness
Cross Infection/*prevention & control
Humans
Pneumonia, Ventilator-Associated/prevention & control
Probiotics/*therapeutic use
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
*Synbiotics
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Critical illness is characterized by a loss of commensal flora and an overgrowth of potentially pathogenic bacteria, leading to a high susceptibility to nosocomial infections. Probiotics are living non-pathogenic microorganisms, which may protect the gut barrier, attenuate pathogen overgrowth, decrease bacterial translocation and prevent infection. The purpose of this updated systematic review is to evaluate the overall efficacy of probiotics and synbiotic mixtures on clinical outcomes in critical illness. METHODS: Computerized databases from 1980 to 2016 were searched. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) evaluating clinical outcomes associated with probiotic therapy as a single strategy or in combination with prebiotic fiber (synbiotics). Overall number of new infections was the primary outcome; secondary outcomes included mortality, ICU and hospital length of stay (LOS), and diarrhea. Subgroup analyses were performed to elucidate the role of other key factors such as probiotic type and patient mortality risk on the effect of probiotics on outcomes. RESULTS: Thirty trials that enrolled 2972 patients were identified for analysis. Probiotics were associated with a significant reduction in infections (risk ratio 0.80, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.68, 0.95, P = 0.009; heterogeneity I (2) = 36 %, P = 0.09). Further, a significant reduction in the incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) was found (risk ratio 0.74, 95 % CI 0.61, 0. 90, P = 0.002; I (2) = 19 %). No effect on mortality, LOS or diarrhea was observed. Subgroup analysis indicated that the greatest improvement in the outcome of infections was in critically ill patients receiving probiotics alone versus synbiotic mixtures, although limited synbiotic trial data currently exists. CONCLUSION: Probiotics show promise in reducing infections, including VAP in critical illness. Currently, clinical heterogeneity and potential publication bias reduce strong clinical recommendations and indicate further high quality clinical trials are needed to conclusively prove these benefits."
"Journal Article"	"J. S. Mounessa; S. Chapman; T. Braunberger; R. Qin; J. B. Lipoff; R. P. Dellavalle; C. A. Dunnick"	"2018"	"A systematic review of satisfaction with teledermatology"	"Journal of telemedicine and telecare"	"24"	"4"	"263-270"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28350281"	"10.1177/1357633X17696587"	"eHealth
remote consultation
teleconsulting
teledermatology
telemedicine
*Attitude of Health Personnel
Dermatology/*methods
Humans
*Patient Satisfaction
Telemedicine/*methods"	"Background The two most commonly used modalities of teledermatology (TD) are store-and-forward (SF) and live-interactive (LI) TD. Existing studies have not compared these tools with respect to patient and provider satisfaction. Objective To systematically review all published studies of patient and provider satisfaction with SF and LI TD. Methods PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases were systematically searched for studies on provider or patient satisfaction with SF or LI TD between January 2000 and June 2016. Results Forty eligible studies were identified: 32 with SF TD, 10 with LI TD, and 2 evaluating both. With SF TD, 96% of studies assessing patient satisfaction and 82% of studies assessing provider satisfaction demonstrated satisfaction ( n = 24 and 17, respectively). With LI TD, 89% of studies assessing patient satisfaction and all studies assessing provider satisfaction revealed satisfaction (n = 9 and 6, respectively). Conclusion Patients and providers are satisfied with both SF and LI TD. Studies assessing satisfaction with LI have not been conducted in recent years, and have only been conducted in limited geographic patient populations. Further research assessing satisfaction with TD will help address any dissatisfaction with its uses and allow for increased support and funding of future programmes."
"Journal Article"	"S. Smolik; L. Arland; M. A. Hensley; D. Schissel; B. Shepperd; K. Thomas; C. Rodgers"	"2018"	"Assessment Tools for Peripheral Neuropathy in Pediatric Oncology: A Systematic Review From the Children's Oncology Group"	"Journal of pediatric oncology nursing : official journal of the Association of Pediatric Oncology Nurses"	"35"	"4"	"267-275"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29566596
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5988942/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5988942/pdf/10.1177_1043454218762705.pdf"	"10.1177/1043454218762705"	"*assessment tools
*pediatrics
*peripheral neuropathy
*systematic review
Adolescent
Antineoplastic Agents, Phytogenic/*adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Child
Child, Preschool
Disease Progression
Drug-Related Side Effects and Adverse Reactions/*drug therapy
Early Diagnosis
Female
Humans
Infant
Infant, Newborn
Male
Neoplasms/*drug therapy
Nursing Assessment
Pediatric Nursing/*methods
Peripheral Nervous System Diseases/*chemically induced/*nursing
Vincristine/*therapeutic use"	"Peripheral neuropathy is a known side effect of several chemotherapy agents, including vinca alkaloids and platinum-based chemotherapy. Early recognition and monitoring of this side effect is an important role of the pediatric oncology nurse. There are a variety of peripheral neuropathy assessment tools currently in use, but the usefulness of these tools in identifying and grading neuropathy in children varies, and there is currently no standardized tool in place to evaluate peripheral neuropathy in pediatric oncology. A systematic review was performed to identify the peripheral neuropathy assessment tools that best evaluate the early onset and progression of peripheral neuropathy in pediatric patients receiving vincristine. Because of the limited information available in pediatric oncology, this review was extended to any pediatric patient with neuropathy. A total of 8 studies were included in the evidence synthesis. Based on available evidence, the pediatric-modified Total Neuropathy Scale (ped-m TNS) and the Total Neuropathy Score-pediatric version (TNS-PV) are recommended for the assessment of vincristine-induced peripheral neuropathy in children 6 years of age and older. In addition, several studies demonstrated that subjective symptoms alone are not adequate to assess for vincristine-induced peripheral neuropathy. Nursing assessment of peripheral neuropathy should be an integral and regular part of patient care throughout the course of chemotherapy treatment."
"Journal Article"	"H. S. Nelson"	"2016"	"Allergen immunotherapy now and in the future"	"Allergy and asthma proceedings"	"37"	"4"	"268-272"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27401313"	"10.2500/aap.2016.37.3966"	"Adjuvants, Immunologic
Allergens/administration & dosage/chemistry/*immunology
*Desensitization, Immunologic/adverse effects/methods
Humans
Hypersensitivity/*immunology/*therapy
Immunity, Innate
Immunomodulation
Injections, Subcutaneous
Sublingual Immunotherapy
Th2 Cells/immunology/metabolism"	"BACKGROUND: Subcutaneous (SCIT) and sublingual (SLIT) immunotherapy provide effective treatment for allergic rhinitis and allergic asthma with clinical improvement following an adequate course of therapy persisting in most patients for years after treatment is discontinued. However, both require prolonged courses of therapy and many or most patients either do not begin or stop long before they have completed the prescribed course of treatment. METHODS: Based on review of the recent medical literature, the current status of SCIT and SLIT was reviewed as well as new approaches to allergy immunotherapy (AIT) that have promise to overcome the safety and inconvenience concerns of both the current approaches. RESULTS: New approaches to AIT include application of extracts to the skin with patches, injection into inguinal lymph nodes, alterations in the allergen molecules by chemical treatment or recombinant technology to make them less reactive with specific IgE, shifting the immune response by stimulation of toll-like receptors or suppression of Th2 responses, and finally by adjuvants such as probiotics and vitamin D. CONCLUSIONS: Current forms of immunotherapy require years of treatment. New approaches, although differing markedly in their approach to AIT, all offer marked reduction in the required period of treatment. Hopefully, some of these new approaches will prove safe and effective and obtain approval for general use. If approved, they should make AIT more widely utilized to the benefit of the allergic population."
"Journal Article"	"Y. Vandenplas; A. H. A. Latiff; D. M. Fleischer; P. Gutiérrez-Castrellón; M.-I. S. Miqdady; P. K. Smith; A. von Berg; M. J. Greenhawt"	"2019"	"Partially hydrolyzed formula in non-exclusively breastfed infants: A systematic review and expert consensus"	"Nutrition (Burbank, Los Angeles County, Calif.)"	"57"		"268-274"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30223233"	"10.1016/j.nut.2018.05.018"	"*Allergy prevention
*Breastfeeding
*Cow's milk formula
*Delphi panel
*Hypoallergenic formula
*Partially hydrolyzed formula
*Systematic review"	"OBJECTIVES: Guidance and evidence supporting routine use of partially hydrolyzed formula (pHF) versus intact cows' milk protein (CMP) formula are limited in non-exclusively breastfed infants. The aim of this review was to better clarify issues of routine use of pHF in non-exclusively breastfed infants who are not at risk for allergic disease by using a systematic review and Delphi Panel consensus. METHODS: A systematic review and Delphi consensus panel (consisting of eight8 international pediatric allergists and gastroenterologists) was conducted to evaluate evidence supporting growth, tolerability, and effectiveness of pHF in non-exclusively breastfed infants. RESULTS: None of the studies reviewed identified potential harm of pHF use compared with CMP in non-exclusively breastfed infants. There was an expert consensus that pHF use is likely as safe as intact CMP formula, given studies suggesting these have comparable nutritional parameters. No high-quality studies were identified evaluating the use of pHF to prevent allergic disease in non-exclusively breastfed infants who are not at risk for allergic disease (e.g., lacking a parental history of allergy). Limited data suggest that pHF use in non-exclusively breastfed infants may be associated with improved gastric emptying, decreased colic incidence, and other common functional gastrointestinal symptoms compared with CMP. However, because the data are of insufficient quality, the findings from these studies have to be taken with caution. No studies were identified that directly compared the different types of pHF, but there was an expert consensus that growth, allergenicity, tolerability, effectiveness, and clinical role among such pHF products may differ. CONCLUSIONS: Limited data exist evaluating routine use of pHFs in non-exclusively breastfed infants, with no contraindications identified in the systematic review. An expert consensus considers pHFs for which data were available to be as safe as CMP formula as growth is normal. The preventive effect on allergy of pHF in infants who are not at risk for allergic disease has been poorly studied. Cost of pHF versus starter formula with intact protein differs from country to country. However, further studies in larger populations are needed to clinically confirm the benefits of routine use of pHF in non-exclusively breastfed infants. These studies should also address potential consumer preference bias."
"Journal Article"	"C. Lyon; H. Fields; S. Langner; K. DeSanto"	"2018"	"Diabetes Education and Glycemic Control"	"American family physician"	"97"	"4"	"269-270"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29671523
https://www.aafp.org/afp/2018/0215/p269.pdf"		"Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2/*diagnosis/*drug therapy
Female
Glycated Hemoglobin A/*analysis
*Glycemic Index
Health Promotion/*methods
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Patient Education as Topic/*methods
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic"	
"Journal Article"	"B. Reeder; A. David"	"2016"	"Health at hand: A systematic review of smart watch uses for health and wellness"	"Journal of biomedical informatics"	"63"		"269-276"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27612974"	"10.1016/j.jbi.2016.09.001"	"*Health intervention
*Smart watch
*Smartwatch
*Systematic review
*Translational research
Clinical Trials as Topic
Communication
Diabetes Mellitus/therapy
Health Status
Humans
Parkinson Disease/therapy
*Self Care
Surveys and Questionnaires
*Wearable Electronic Devices"	"INTRODUCTION: Smart watches have the potential to support health in everyday living by: enabling self-monitoring of personal activity; obtaining feedback based on activity measures; allowing for in-situ surveys to identify patterns of behavior; and supporting bi-directional communication with health care providers and family members. However, smart watches are an emerging technology and research with these devices is at a nascent stage. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of smart watch studies that engaged people in their use by searching PubMed, Embase, IEEE XPlore and ACM Digital libraries. Participant demographics, device features, watch applications and methods, and technical challenges were abstracted from included studies. RESULTS: Seventy-three studies were returned in the search. Seventeen studies published were included. Included studies were published from 2014 to 2016, with the exception of one published in 2011. Most studies employed the use of consumer-grade smart watches (14/17, 82%). Patient-related studies focused on activity monitoring, heart rate monitoring, speech therapy adherence, diabetes self-management, and detection of seizures, tremors, scratching, eating, and medication-taking behaviors. Most patient-related studies enrolled participants with few exclusion criteria to validate smart watch function (10/17, 58%). Only studies that focused on Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, and diabetes management enrolled persons living with targeted conditions. One study focused on nursing work in the ICU and one focused on CPR training for laypeople. CONCLUSION: Consumer-grade smart watches have penetrated the health research space rapidly since 2014. Smart watch technical function, acceptability, and effectiveness in supporting health must be validated in larger field studies that enroll actual participants living with the conditions these devices target."
"Journal Article"	"A. G. Florek; C. J. Wang; A. W. Armstrong"	"2018"	"Treatment preferences and treatment satisfaction among psoriasis patients: a systematic review"	"Archives of dermatological research"	"310"	"4"	"271-319"		"Germany"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29442137"	"10.1007/s00403-018-1808-x"	"Patient participation
Patient preference
Psoriasis
Treatment satisfaction
Age Factors
Biological Products/*therapeutic use
*Biological Therapy
Drug Administration Routes
Health Services Accessibility
Humans
*Patient Preference
*Patient Satisfaction
Phototherapy
Psoriasis/epidemiology/*therapy
Sex Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"A critical gap exists in determining treatment preferences and treatment satisfaction from patient perspectives, which is paramount to achieving therapeutic success. The objective of this systematic review is to determine factors influencing treatment preferences and treatment satisfaction among psoriasis patients. PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases were searched between November 1, 2010, and December 1, 2017. Observational and interventional research studies published in the English language that discussed patient preferences and patient satisfaction in the treatment of psoriasis were reviewed and synthesized. We utilized data on treatment preferences and treatment satisfaction from 35,388 psoriasis patients based on 60 articles from the years 2010 to 2017. Treatment preferences were heterogeneous and changed over time among psoriasis patients. Across all treatment modalities, the most important treatment attributes were treatment location, probability of improvement, and delivery method. For biologics specifically, the most important attributes were risk of adverse events and probability of treatment benefit. Factors that influenced patients' preferences for certain treatments included age, sex, comorbidities, disease duration, and prior treatments. Notably, some psoriasis patients placed higher importance on a treatment's process attributes (e.g., access and delivery) over its outcome attributes (e.g., efficacy). Overall, patient satisfaction with existing therapies remains modest; however, those treated with biologic agents exhibited highest treatment satisfaction over oral therapy, phototherapy, and topical therapy."
"Journal Article"	"A. R. Coughlin; T. J. Willman; S. P. Gubbels"	"2018"	"Systematic Review of Hearing Preservation After Radiotherapy for Vestibular Schwannoma"	"Otology & neurotology : official publication of the American Otological Society, American Neurotology Society [and] European Academy of Otology and Neurotology"	"39"	"3"	"273-283"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29342035
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5807198/"	"10.1097/MAO.0000000000001672"	"Adult
Female
*Hearing
Hearing Loss/epidemiology/*etiology
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Neuroma, Acoustic/*radiotherapy
Radiosurgery/*adverse effects"	"OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term hearing preservation rate for spontaneous vestibular schwannoma treated by primary radiotherapy. DATA SOURCES: The MEDLINE/PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Reviews, and EMBASE databases were searched using a comprehensive Boolean keyword search developed in conjunction with a scientific librarian. English language papers published from 2000 to 2016 were evaluated. STUDY SELECTION: Inclusion criteria: full articles, pretreatment and posttreatment audiograms or audiogram based scoring system, vestibular schwannoma only tumor type, reported time to follow-up, published after 1999, use of either Gamma Knife or linear accelerator radiotherapy. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: case report or series with fewer than five cases, inadequate audiometric data, inadequate time to follow-up, neurofibromatosis type 2 exceeding 10% of study population, previous treatment exceeding 10% of study population, repeat datasets, use of proton beam therapy, and non-English language. DATA EXTRACTION: Two reviewers independently analyzed papers for inclusion. Class A/B, 1/2 hearing was defined as either pure tone average less than or equal to 50 db with speech discrimination score more than or equal to 50%, American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery (AAO-HNS) Hearing Class A or B, or Gardner-Robertson Grade I or II. Aggregate data were used when individual data were not specified. DATA SYNTHESIS: Means were compared with student t test. CONCLUSIONS: Forty seven articles containing a total of 2,195 patients with preserved Class A/B, 1/2 hearing were identified for analysis. The aggregate crude hearing preservation rate was 58% at an average reporting time of 46.6 months after radiotherapy treatment. Analysis of time-based reporting shows a clear trend of decreased hearing preservation extending to 10-year follow-up. This data encourages a future long-term controlled trial."
"Journal Article"	"G. T. Prince; M. C. Cameron; R. Fathi; T. Alkousakis"	"2018"	"Intralesional and Laser-Assisted 5-Fluorouracil in Dermatologic Disease: A Systematic Review"	"Journal of Drugs in Dermatology"	"17"	"3"	"274-280"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000453940000004"		"squamous-cell carcinoma
topical 5-fluorouracil
nonsurgical treatment
injectable gel
in-situ
combination
triamcinolone
keratoacanthomas
5-flurouracil
fluorouracil
Dermatology"	"Introduction: 5-fluorouracil has proven to be an effective therapy in the treatment of a variety of dermatologic conditions. Approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the topical treatment of actinic keratoses and superficial basal cell carcinoma, 5-fluorouracil has also demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of a variety of other dermatologic diseases. While best known for its use as a topical medication, 5-fluorouracil can also be delivered intralesionally for the treatment of dermatologic disease. Recently, laser-assisted modalities for increased delivery of 5-fluorouracil have also been described Methods: A search of the MEDLINE standard computer database, MEDLINE advanced database, and EMBASE database was conducted. Results: 38 articles met criteria for inclusion in this review. These articles represented 14 randomized controlled trials and 24 case series. Each article was reviewed and summarized.The main limitation of this review is the limited number of large randomized controlled trials, as well as the non-uniformity in treatment regimens between studies. Discussion: Intralesional and laser-assisted 5-fluorouracil are used in a variety of dermatologic disease processes with a wide range of efficacy and levels of evidence. Based on extent and level of evidence, our disease-specific systematic review found that the evidence is strongest for intralesional 5-FU use in the treatment of keloids, hypertrophic scars, and keratoacanthomas. This review serves as a comprehensive summary of intralesional and laser-assisted 5-fluorouracil use in dermatology."
"Journal Article"	"C. Chargari; K. A. Goodman; I. Diallo; J.-B. Guy; C. Rancoule; J.-M. Cosset; E. Deutsch; N. Magne"	"2016"	"Risk of second cancers in the era of modern radiation therapy: does the risk/benefit analysis overcome theoretical models?"	"Cancer metastasis reviews"	"35"	"2"	"277-288"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26970966"	"10.1007/s10555-016-9616-2"	"Intensity-modulated radiation therapy
Linear no-threshold model
Low doses
Proton therapy
Radiation therapy
Second malignancies
Cell Transformation, Neoplastic/radiation effects
Dose-Response Relationship, Radiation
Humans
Models, Theoretical
Neoplasms, Second Primary/*epidemiology/*etiology
Radiation Dosage
Radiotherapy, Image-Guided/adverse effects/methods
Radiotherapy, Intensity-Modulated/*adverse effects/methods
Risk"	"In the era of modern radiation therapy, the compromise between the reductions in deterministic radiation-induced toxicities through highly conformal devices may be impacting the stochastic risk of second malignancies. We reviewed the clinical literature and evolving theoretical models evaluating the impact of intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) on the risk of second cancers, as a consequence of the increase in volumes of normal tissues receiving low doses. The risk increase (if any) is not as high as theoretical models have predicted in adults. Moreover, the increase in out-of-field radiation doses with IMRT could be counterbalanced by the decrease in volumes receiving high doses. Clinical studies with short follow-up have not corroborated the hypothesis that IMRT would drastically increase the incidence of second cancers. In children, the risk of radiation-induced carcinogenesis increases from low doses and consequently the relative risk of second cancers after IMRT could be higher than in adults, justifying current developments of proton therapy with priority given to this population. Although only longer follow-up will allow a true assessment of the real impact of these modern techniques on radiation-induced carcinogenesis, a comprehensive risk-adapted strategy will help minimize the probability of second cancers."
"Journal Article"	"J. M. Boylan; J. M. Cundiff; K. A. Matthews"	"2018"	"Socioeconomic Status and Cardiovascular Responses to Standardized Stressors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Psychosomatic Medicine"	"80"	"3"	"278-293"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000436027400406"	"10.1097/psy.0000000000000561"	"blood pressure
cardiovascular reactivity
cardiovascular recovery
heart rate
socioeconomic status
blood-pressure reactivity
random-effects models
psychosocial factors
mental stress
psychological stress
childhood poverty
african-american
physical health
united-states
risk
Psychiatry
Psychology"	"Objective: Disparities in cardiovascular health by socioeconomic status (SES) are a pressing public health concern. Hypothesized mechanisms linking low SES to poor health are large cardiovascular responses to and delayed recovery from psychological stress. The current study presents a meta-analysis of the literature on the association of SES with blood pressure and heart rate reactivity to and recovery from acute stress tasks. Methods: The PubMed database was searched, and 26 unique studies with relevant data were identified (k = 25 reactivity [n = 14,617], k = 6 recovery [n = 1,324]). Results: Using random-effects models, no significant association between SES and cardiovascular reactivity to stress emerged (r = .008, 95% confidence interval = -.02 to .04), although higher SES was associated with better recovery from stress (r = -.14, 95% confidence interval -. 23 to -. 05). Stressor type moderated the reactivity effect, wherein higher SES was associated with greater reactivity to cognitive stressors (r = .036, p = .024), not with reactivity to interpersonal stressors (r = -.02, p = .62), but was associated with lower reactivity to tasks with combinations of cognitive, interpersonal, and physical challenges (r = -.12, p = .029). Accounting for publication bias revealed a significant association between SES and reactivity in the opposite direction of hypotheses. Conclusions: Cardiovascular recovery from acute stress, but not reactivity to stress, may be a key pathway between low SES and risk for cardiovascular diseases. Heterogeneity in effect size and direction, challenges related to working across temporal dynamics, and recommendations for future research are discussed."
"Journal Article"	"C. E. Ryan; A. Paniccia; R. A. Meguid; M. D. McCarter"	"2017"	"Transthoracic Anastomotic Leak After Esophagectomy: Current Trends"	"Annals of surgical oncology"	"24"	"1"	"281-290"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27406098"	"10.1245/s10434-016-5417-7"	"Anastomosis, Surgical
Anastomotic Leak/*etiology
Esophageal Neoplasms/*surgery
Esophagectomy/*methods
Humans"	"INTRODUCTION: Leaks from intrathoracic esophagogastric anastomosis are thought to be associated with higher rates of morbidity and mortality than leaks from cervical anastomosis. We challenge this assumption and hypothesize that there is no significant difference in mortality based on the location of the esophagogastric anastomosis. METHODS: A systematic literature search was conducted using PubMed and Embase databases on all studies published from January 2000 to June 2015, comparing transthoracic (TTE) and transhiatal (THE) esophagectomies. Studies using jejunal or colonic interposition were excluded. Outcomes analyzed were leak rate, leak-associated mortality, overall 30-day mortality, and overall morbidity. Meta-analyses were performed using Mantel-Haenszel statistical analyses on studies reporting leak rates of both approaches. Nominal data are presented as frequency and interquartile range (IQR); measures of the association between treatments and outcomes are presented as odds ratio (OR) with 95 % confidence interval. RESULTS: Twenty-one studies (3 randomized controlled trials) were analyzed comprising of 7167 patients (54 % TTE). TTE approach yields a lower anastomotic leak rate (9.8 %; IQR 6.0-12.2 %) than THE (12 %; IQR 11.6-22.1 %; OR 0.56 [0.34-0.92]), without any significant difference in leak associated mortality (7.1 % TTE vs. 4.6 % THE: OR 1.83 [0.39-8.52]). There was no difference in overall 30-day mortality (3.9 % TTE vs. 4.3 % THE; OR 0.86 [0.66-1.13]) and morbidity (59.0 % TTE vs. 66.6 % THE; OR 0.76 [0.37-1.59]). DISCUSSION: Based on meta-analysis, TTE is associated with a lower leak rate and does not result in higher morbidity or mortality than THE. The previously assumed higher rate of transthoracic anastomotic leak-associated mortality is overstated, thus supporting surgeon discretion and other factors to influence the choice of thoracic versus cervical anastomosis."
"Journal Article"	"D. G. Kokkinidis; A. F. Prouse; S. J. Avner; J. M. Lee; S. W. Waldo; E. J. Armstrong"	"2018"	"Second-generation drug-eluting stents versus drug-coated balloons for the treatment of coronary in-stent restenosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Catheterization and cardiovascular interventions : official journal of the Society for Cardiac Angiography & Interventions"	"92"	"2"	"285-299"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29024274"	"10.1002/ccd.27359"	"*coronary artery disease
*drug-coated balloons
*drug-eluting stents
*in-stent restenosis
Aged
Angioplasty, Balloon, Coronary/adverse effects/*instrumentation/mortality
*Cardiac Catheters
Cardiovascular Agents/*administration & dosage/adverse effects
*Coated Materials, Biocompatible
Coronary Angiography
Coronary Artery Disease/diagnostic imaging/mortality/*therapy
Coronary Restenosis/diagnostic imaging/etiology/mortality/*therapy
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Percutaneous Coronary Intervention/adverse effects/*instrumentation/mortality
Prosthesis Design
Risk Factors
*Stents
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"PURPOSE: The benefit of drug-eluting stents (DES) versus drug-coated balloons (DCB) in coronary artery in-stent restenosis (ISR) for the prevention of target lesion revascularization (TLR), stent thrombosis, and mortality remains uncertain. Our aim was to synthesize the available evidence from randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and observational studies that directly compare second-generation drug-eluting stents (SG-DES) and DCB for the treatment of coronary ISR. METHODS: Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Central were searched for RCTs or observational studies, published up to March 15, 2017. A random effects model meta-analysis investigating clinical and angiographic outcomes was conducted for RCTs and observational studies that compared SG-DES versus DCB for the treatment of ISR. RESULTS: Ten studies and 2,173 patients were included in this meta-analysis. The two treatment strategies were proven equal with regards to TLR, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, and cardiac mortality in both randomized and observational studies. No difference was found among RCTs for all-cause mortality, while in observational studies, patients who were treated with SG-DES had a lower mortality compared to DCB (OR: 0.47; 95% CI: 0.27-0.83). In the pooled analysis also (RCTs and observational studies), SG-DES were associated with lower all-cause mortality compared to DCB. Patients treated with SG-DES were also superior in terms of minimal lumen diameter (standardized mean difference: 0.39; 95% CI: 0.12-0.66). CONCLUSIONS: The two treatment strategies are equal for the treatment of ISR, while the difference in all-cause mortality might be potentially explained by baseline differences in the two groups among real-world studies."
"Journal Article"	"A. E. Chiesa; L. Kallechey; N. Harlaar; C. Rashaan Ford; E. F. Garrido; W. R. Betts; S. Maguire"	"2018"	"Intimate partner violence victimization and parenting: A systematic review"	"Child abuse & neglect"	"80"		"285-300"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29665506"	"10.1016/j.chiabu.2018.03.028"	"*Interpersonal violence
*Intimate partner violence
*Parenting
*Systematic review"	"Early studies examining parenting in the setting of intimate partner violence (IPV) often focus on abuse by the IPV perpetrator or effects of long term exposure. This review addresses how intimate partner violence impacts victim parenting. Seven databases were searched for the time period 1970-2015. Included were comparative studies involving children 11 years or younger. Quality ranking was based on: confirmation of victim status, consideration of co-perpetration, heterogeneity of the population, and standardization of measurements. Of 13,038 studies reviewed, 33 included studies showed that victimization is associated with negative parenting practices. Based on data presented within individual studies, 21 studies were eligible for meta-analysis which demonstrated modest effect sizes with high levels of heterogeneity. There was a negative correlation between IPV and positive parenting (r = -0.08; 95% CI: -.12, - .04); positive correlation between IPV and physical aggression (r = .17; 95% CI: .11, .23) and neglect (r = .12; 95% CI: .01, .23); and a trend toward positive correlation between IPV and psychological aggression (r = .23; 95% CI: -.94, .47). A synthesis of studies unsuitable for meta-analysis reinforced these findings. The review demonstrated ongoing methodological issues with extant literature."
"Journal Article"	"C. Gibbons; S. Singh; B. Gibbons; C. Clark; J. Torres; M. Y. Cheng; E. A. Wang; A. W. Armstrong"	"2018"	"Using qualitative methods to understand factors contributing to patient satisfaction among dermatology patients: a systematic review"	"Journal of Dermatological Treatment"	"29"	"3"	"290-294"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000431742500017"	"10.1080/09546634.2017.1364688"	"Qualitative research
patient satisfaction
dermatology
review
epidermolysis-bullosa
psoriasis
children
doctors
eczema
care
Dermatology"	"Purpose: In this systematic review, we aimed to synthesize data that identify factors contributing to patient satisfaction in dermatology care using qualitative methods. Materials and methods: We performed a comprehensive search of the literature using the PubMed database for articles published between January 1, 2000 and February 9, 2015. The initial search yielded 186 articles, of which 13 were included after applying inclusion and exclusion criteria. Results: The systematic review of 13 articles included a total of 330 patients. Using in-field observations and semistructured interviews, studies found that qualitative methods and analysis increased the provider's sensitivity to patient needs and enhanced patient care. Analyses using qualitative methods found increased patient satisfaction in their healthcare provider is associated with (1) confidence in the provider's diagnosis, (2) perception of patient-centered, individualized recommendations and (3) quality of patient education and provider explanation during a visit. Conclusions: Patient satisfaction is measured using either quantitative or qualitative methods. Quantitative methods result in standardized data that often does not capture the nuances of patient experience. In contrast, qualitative methodology is integral to gathering patient perspectives on patient care and satisfaction and should be included in future research models."
"Journal Article"	"H. Jayasekara; J. C. Reece; D. D. Buchanan; D. J. Ahnen; S. Parry; M. A. Jenkins; A. K. Win"	"2017"	"Risk factors for metachronous colorectal cancer or polyp: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Journal of gastroenterology and hepatology"	"32"	"2"	"301-326"		"Australia"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27356122"	"10.1111/jgh.13476"	"colorectal cancer
metachronous
risk factors
systematic review
Aged
Colonic Polyps/*complications/pathology
Colorectal Neoplasms/*complications
Databases, Bibliographic
Female
Humans
Life Style
Male
Middle Aged"	"BACKGROUND AND AIM: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to identify personal, lifestyle, and tumor-related risk factors for metachronous colorectal cancer (CRC) and polyp. METHODS: Relevant studies were identified by searching MEDLINE, Web of Science and Cochrane Central Register through 15 May 2016. Estimates for associations were summarized using random effects models. RESULTS: Fifty-five studies were included in the review. For individuals who had a CRC resection, having a synchronous polyp was a risk factor for metachronous CRC or polyp (relative risk [RR], 2.04; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.48-2.82) and having a synchronous CRC (RR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.25-2.91) and proximally located CRC (RR, 2.12; 95% CI, 1.24-3.64) were risk factors for metachronous CRC. For individuals who had a polypectomy, larger size (RR, 4.26; 95% CI, 2.11-8.57) or severe dysplasia of the initial polyp (RR, 5.15; 95% CI, 2.02-13.14), and having a synchronous polyp (RR, 2.52; 95% CI, 1.35-4.73) were risk factors for metachronous CRC; and a family history of CRC (RR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.26-2.87), having a synchronous polyp (RR, 2.47; 95% CI, 1.74-3.50) and a larger size (RR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.03-2.15) and proximal location of the initial polyp (RR, 1.20; 95% CI, 1.02-1.40) were risk factors for metachronous polyp. Meta-regression showed duration of follow-up was not a source of heterogeneity for most associations. There was no evidence that lifestyle factors were associated with metachronous CRC or polyp risk. CONCLUSION: A comprehensive list of risk factors identified for metachronous CRC or polyp may have important clinical implications."
"Journal Article"	"S. Gilliland; J. Brainard"	"2015"	"Postoperative Noninvasive Ventilation Following Cardiothoracic Surgery: A Clinical Primer and Review of the Literature"	"Seminars in cardiothoracic and vascular anesthesia"	"19"	"4"	"302-308"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26660054"	"10.1177/1089253215572699"	"acute respiratory failure
biphasic positive airway pressure
continuous positive airway pressure
noninvasive ventilation
postoperative
pulmonary complications
Acute Disease
Cardiac Surgical Procedures/methods
Humans
Incidence
Noninvasive Ventilation/*methods
Postoperative Complications/etiology/*prevention & control
Respiratory Insufficiency/epidemiology/etiology/*prevention & control
Thoracic Surgical Procedures/methods"	"Postoperative pulmonary complications following cardiac and thoracic surgery are common and associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Noninvasive ventilation has emerged as a successful and well-validated strategy to treat various acute medical conditions. More recently, noninvasive ventilation has been studied in selective surgical patient populations with the goal of preventing postoperative complications and treating acute respiratory failure. In this clinical review, we will briefly examine the incidence of pulmonary complications following cardiothoracic surgery and the physiology and mechanics of acute respiratory failure and noninvasive ventilation. We then present a systematic review of the indications, patient selection, and current literature investigating the specific use of noninvasive ventilation in this population."
"Journal Article"	"I. D. Olaru; H. Albert; J. Zallet; U. E. Werner; N. Ahmed; H. L. Rieder; M. Salfinger; K. Kranzer"	"2018"	"Impact of quality improvement in tuberculosis laboratories in low- and lower-middle-income countries: a systematic review"	"The international journal of tuberculosis and lung disease : the official journal of the International Union against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease"	"22"	"3"	"309-320"		"France"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29471910
http://docserver.ingentaconnect.com/deliver/connect/iuatld/10273719/v22n3/s14.pdf?expires=1570133977&id=0000&titleid=3764&checksum=B30E456DD78D7EC2D2A7A623584C9ACC"	"10.5588/ijtld.17.0629"	"Developing Countries
Humans
Laboratories
Microbial Sensitivity Tests
Mycobacterium tuberculosis/drug effects
Outcome Assessment (Health Care)/*standards
Quality Improvement/*standards
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Tuberculosis/*diagnosis"	"BACKGROUND: The effect of quality improvement measures on the performance of diagnostic tuberculosis (TB) laboratories in low- and lower-middle-income countries is not known, and is the subject of this review. METHODS: Three databases were searched for quality improvement studies presenting data on performance parameters before and after the implementation of quality improvement interventions. RESULTS: Twenty-one studies were included in this review. Quality improvement measures were most frequently implemented by an external organization; settings targeted ranged from microscopy centers, hospitals, districts, regional and national reference laboratories. Quality improvement interventions and outcome measurements were highly heterogeneous. Most studies investigated interventions aimed at improving smear microscopy (n = 17). Two studies evaluated comprehensive quality improvement measures (n = 2) and another three studies focused on mycobacterial culture and drug susceptibility testing. Most studies showed an improvement in outcomes measured on before-after or time trend analysis. CONCLUSION: Quality improvement measures implemented in TB laboratories showed a positive impact on various outcomes. Due to the high heterogeneity of outcome reporting and interventions and the low quality of the studies, the effect size was not clear. Identification of standardized quality indicators and their link to the quality of patient care would improve knowledge in this field."
"Journal Article"	"P. S. Mehler; K. Walsh"	"2016"	"Electrolyte and acid-base abnormalities associated with purging behaviors"	"The International journal of eating disorders"	"49"	"3"	"311-318"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26876281
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/eat.22503"	"10.1002/eat.22503"	"electrolyte
metabolic alkalosis
potassium
sodium
Alkalosis/*etiology
Electrolytes/*chemistry
Feeding and Eating Disorders/*complications
Humans
Hypokalemia/*etiology
Hyponatremia/*etiology"	"OBJECTIVE: Eating disorders that are associated with purging behaviors are complicated by frequent blood electrolyte and acid-base abnormalities. Herein, we review the major electrolyte and acid-base abnormalities and their treatment methods. The body of rigorous, eating disorder-specific literature on this topical area is not robust enough to perform a systematic review as defined by PRISMA guidelines. Therefore, a qualitative review of mostly medical literature was conducted. RESULTS: Hypokalemia, hyponatremia, and sodium chloride-responsive metabolic alkalosis are the most common serum changes that occur as a result of purging behaviors. They vary depending on the mode and frequency of purging behaviors. They can all potentially cause dangerous medical complications and are in need of definitive medical treatment. DISCUSSION: Eating disorders that are associated with purging behaviors are associated with a number of electrolyte and acid-base changes which are complex in their origin, documented to be medically dangerous and this definitive treatment is necessary to help achieve a successful treatment outcome, and in need of definitive treatment as described herein."
"Journal Article"	"J. G. Katon; L. Zephyrin; A. Meoli; A. Hulugalle; J. Bosch; L. Callegari; I. V. Galvan; K. E. Gray; K. O. Haeger; C. Hoffmire; S. Levis; E. W. Ma; J. E. McCabe; Y. I. Nillni; S. L. Pineles; S. M. Reddy; D. A. Savitz; J. G. Shaw; E. W. Patton"	"2018"	"Reproductive Health of Women Veterans: A Systematic Review of the Literature from 2008 to 2017"	"Seminars in Reproductive Medicine"	"36"	"6"	"315-322"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000466199300003"	"10.1055/s-0039-1678750"	"women Veterans
reproductive health
health services
deployment
women's health
posttraumatic-stress-disorder
sexually-transmitted infections
maternity care coordination
female veterans
mental-health
contraceptive adherence
pregnant veterans
military service
birth-weight
outcomes
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Reproductive Biology"	"The literature on the reproductive health and healthcare of women Veterans has increased dramatically, though there are important gaps. This article aims to synthesize recent literature on reproductive health and healthcare of women Veterans. We updated a literature search to identify manuscripts published between 2008 and July 1, 2017. We excluded studies that were not original research, only included active-duty women, or had few women Veterans in their sample. Manuscripts were reviewed using a standardized abstraction form. We identified 52 manuscripts. Nearly half (48%) of the new manuscripts addressed contraception and preconception care (n=15) or pregnancy (n=10). The pregnancy and family planning literature showed that (1) contraceptive use and unintended pregnancy among women Veterans using VA healthcare is similar to that of the general population; (2) demand for VA maternity care is increasing; and (3) women Veterans using VA maternity care are a high-risk population for adverse pregnancy outcomes. A recurrent finding across topics was that history of lifetime sexual assault and mental health conditions were highly prevalent among women Veterans and associated with a wide variety of adverse reproductive health outcomes across the life course. The literature on women Veterans' reproductive health is rapidly expanding, but remains largely observational. Knowledge gaps persist in the areas of sexually transmitted infections, infertility, and menopause."
"Journal Article"	"T. A. Graves; N. Tabri; H. Thompson-Brenner; D. L. Franko; K. T. Eddy; S. Bourion-Bedes; A. Brown; M. J. Constantino; C. Flückiger; S. Forsberg; L. Isserlin; J. Couturier; G. Paulson Karlsson; J. Mander; M. Teufel; J. E. Mitchell; R. D. Crosby; C. Prestano; D. A. Satir; S. Simpson; R. Sly; J. H. Lacey; C. Stiles-Shields; G. A. Tasca; G. Waller; S. L. Zaitsoff; R. Rienecke; D. Le Grange; J. J. Thomas"	"2017"	"A meta-analysis of the relation between therapeutic alliance and treatment outcome in eating disorders"	"The International journal of eating disorders"	"50"	"4"	"323-340"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28152196
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/eat.22672"	"10.1002/eat.22672"	"*eating disorder
*meta-analysis
*therapeutic alliance
*treatment outcome
Adult
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy/*methods
*Cooperative Behavior
Feeding and Eating Disorders/psychology/*therapy
Female
Humans
Male
*Professional-Patient Relations
Treatment Outcome"	"The therapeutic alliance has demonstrated an association with favorable psychotherapeutic outcomes in the treatment of eating disorders (EDs). However, questions remain about the inter-relationships between early alliance, early symptom improvement, and treatment outcome. We conducted a meta-analysis on the relations among these constructs, and possible moderators of these relations, in psychosocial treatments for EDs. Twenty studies met inclusion criteria and supplied sufficient supplementary data. Results revealed small-to-moderate effect sizes, βs = 0.13 to 0.22 (p < .05), indicating that early symptom improvement was related to subsequent alliance quality and that alliance ratings also were related to subsequent symptom reduction. The relationship between early alliance and treatment outcome was partially accounted for by early symptom improvement. With regard to moderators, early alliance showed weaker associations with outcome in therapies with a strong behavioral component relative to nonbehavioral therapies. However, alliance showed stronger relations to outcome for younger (vs. older) patients, over and above the variance shared with early symptom improvement. In sum, early symptom reduction enhances therapeutic alliance and treatment outcome in EDs, but early alliance may require specific attention for younger patients and for those receiving nonbehaviorally oriented treatments."
"Journal Article"	"R. S. D'Souza; C. Mercogliano; E. Ojukwu; S. D'Souza; A. Singles; J. Modi; A. Short; A. Donato"	"2018"	"Effects of prophylactic anticholinergic medications to decrease extrapyramidal side effects in patients taking acute antiemetic drugs: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Emergency medicine journal : EMJ"	"35"	"5"	"325-331"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29431143
https://emj.bmj.com/content/emermed/35/5/325.full.pdf"	"10.1136/emermed-2017-206944"	"admission avoidance
clincial management
emergency care system
emergency care systems
emergency departments
headache
treatment
Antiemetics/*adverse effects/therapeutic use
Basal Ganglia Diseases/*drug therapy/*prevention & control
Cholinergic Antagonists/*pharmacology/therapeutic use
Diphenhydramine/adverse effects/therapeutic use
Humans"	"OBJECTIVES: To determine the effectiveness of prophylactic anticholinergic medications in reducing extrapyramidal symptoms in patients taking acute antiemetics with a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist effect. METHODS: Systematic searches of all published studies through March 2017 were identified from PubMed, Cochrane library, Embase, Web of Science and Scopus. Only randomised controlled trials of patients receiving dopamine D2 antagonist antiemetic therapy for acute migraine in which an anticholinergic or placebo was compared were included. Pooled ORs were calculated for incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms and sedation. RESULTS: Four placebo-controlled randomised controlled trials consisting of 737 patients met the inclusion criteria for our meta-analysis. The effect of diphenhydramine differed depending on the method of administration of the antiemetic. When the antiemetic was delivered as a 2 min antiemetic bolus, the odds of extrapyramidal symptoms were significantly reduced in the diphenhydramine group compared with placebo (OR 0.42; 95% CI 0.22 to 0.81; P=0.01). However, when the antiemetic was given as a 15 min infusion, there was no significant difference in extrapyramidal symptoms with or without diphenhydramine (OR 1.06; 95% CI 0.58 to 1.91; P=0.85). The lowest incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms was observed in patients receiving a 15 min antiemetic infusion without diphenhydramine prophylaxis (9.8%). In two trials including 351 patients that dichotomously reported sedation scales, diphenhydramine had significantly higher rates of sedation (31.6%vs19.2%, OR 2.01, 95% CI 1.21 to 3.33; P=0.007). CONCLUSION: Prophylactic diphenhydramine reduces extrapyramidal symptoms in patients receiving bolus antiemetic therapy with a dopamine D2 antagonist effect, but not when it is given as an infusion. Because of significantly greater sedation with diphenhydramine, the most effective strategy is to administer the D2 antagonist antiemetic as a 15 min infusion without prophylaxis."
"Journal Article"	"C. Hamani; J. Pilitsis; A. I. Rughani; J. M. Rosenow; P. G. Patil; K. S. Slavin; A. Abosch; E. Eskandar; L. S. Mitchell; S. Kalkanis"	"2014"	"Deep Brain Stimulation for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: Systematic Review and Evidence-Based Guideline Sponsored by the American Society for Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery and the Congress of Neurological Surgeons (CNS) and Endorsed by the CNS and American Association of Neurological Surgeons"	"Neurosurgery"	"75"	"4"	"327-333"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000342662300013
https://watermark.silverchair.com/neurosurgery-75-4-327.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAtAwggLMBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggK9MIICuQIBADCCArIGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMxZAGDxWqYeCiSeX4AgEQgIICg_R-D_D59ETJNOWIccw7vq4-9C3_cx8v00Da3QokACz2fsNa_L9KMUuDZhsUFMLgA5QaYl6QiNSljYEZgS9GDNedQR151zfNumnOn7EYCuW6USYdeGm06vBHiBtORk2Q6oDvWuhZcqNIOTvQ9_sw3z8csyX57WLyJu6xk5u4Odmp9s4MNTMxrNBvqxplCT5rb-d8IfdMsboopXwcN20jpIZshVqLXxhU1imgunkqEPfWH8LWr02Yb_g2ru8jOpr6DQtL-8xRfbupYBwMiZND7AWXZZsMNDuT0jYtEWHEGNV3G4NhXSy3xH98TIfTxCxDAWoUpaAgSNMt3fW-c2BZaQ_3UYgYjSxHpXVFIYlQSAnsL8rT7h2SHhvHWZqppAOIuGQjEI-hw2zjCh7umCJcs9UdukI7ooesmwR0oBjCPaMlCFRQNr1TxoW5T1xvlTySRcUA4hAFdY8-bDfPqEP_ZpZSRU5ixTdkMLyZesvnym5fbGdi4dkS1pKrwOPfiPlp3Jf-H41qWHwS03eiUwaHMIrbUZlarRurAlvglEN6fIrsFOe8KNmN_cud1w917esfzMyBFqlxLqpQucYhfyucXy98IgCYFxHHsPMFLFBvDRdjEDh81VJjBfouJtyCegfTz1oZeQRIM9sYEGQ44Q6qPU3x3-QyvmgfWq1kwNbhiWUnTRO8O2KF7XvO4YAwHaN9r9bPOAQRNC_GxppwL0SmYcp9USX7s-rSUBF-Q4674yB3KiSA5CYywT2srdIXGwBHPIjcpHx8NR0vvXThrZF2EYnJkvTGV3v5T3blDEgTgcVbMW37Wzr6QfXfhG254jT2sAvTNJ0e8XjloXS0qOkl4Wcz8k0"	"10.1227/neu.0000000000000499"	"Deep brain stimulation
Guidelines
Obsessive-compulsive disorder
Neuromodulation
Psychiatry
nucleus-accumbens
electrical-stimulation
internal capsules
anterior
limbs
pharmacotherapy
outcomes
Neurosciences & Neurology
Surgery"	"BACKGROUND: It is estimated that 40% to 60% of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) continue to experience symptoms despite adequate medical management. For this population of treatment-refractory patients, promising results have been reported with the use of deep brain stimulation (DBS). OBJECTIVE: To conduct a systematic review of the literature and develop evidence-based guidelines on DBS for OCD. METHODS: A systematic literature search was undertaken using the PubMed database for articles published between 1966 and October 2012 combining the following words: "deep brain stimulation and obsessive-compulsive disorder" or "electrical stimulation and obsessive-compulsive disorder." Of 353 articles, 7 were retrieved for full-text review and analysis. The quality of the articles was assigned to each study and the strength of recommendation graded according to the guidelines development methodology of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons/Congress of Neurological Surgeons Joint Guidelines Committee. RESULTS: Of the 7 studies, 1 class I and 2 class II double-blind, randomized, controlled trials reported that bilateral DBS is more effective in improving OCD symptoms than sham treatment. CONCLUSION: Based on the data published in the literature, the following recommendations can be made: (1) There is Level I evidence, based on a single class I study, for the use of bilateral subthalamic nucleus DBS for the treatment of medically refractory OCD. (2) There is Level II evidence, based on a single class II study, for the use of bilateral nucleus accumbens DBS for the treatment of medically refractory OCD. (3) There is insufficient evidence to make a recommendation for the use of unilateral DBS for the treatment of medically refractory OCD."
"Journal Article"	"S. Chihuri; T. J. Mielenz; C. J. DiMaggio; M. E. Betz; C. DiGuiseppi; V. C. Jones; G. Li"	"2016"	"Driving Cessation and Health Outcomes in Older Adults"	"Journal of the American Geriatrics Society"	"64"	"2"	"332-341"	"John Wiley and Sons Inc."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26780879
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5021147/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5021147/pdf/JGS-64-332.pdf"	"10.1111/jgs.13931"	"driving cessation
health outcomes
motor vehicle
older adults
Aged
*Automobile Driving/psychology
Cognition
Depression/psychology
Geriatric Assessment
*Health Status Indicators
Humans
Middle Aged
Risk Factors"	"OBJECTIVES: To determine what effect driving cessation may have on subsequent health and well-being in older adults. DESIGN: Systematic review of the evidence in the research literature on the consequences of driving cessation in older adults. SETTING: Community. PARTICIPANTS: Drivers aged 55 and older. MEASUREMENTS: Studies pertinent to the health consequences of driving cessation were identified through a comprehensive search of bibliographic databases. Studies that presented quantitative data for drivers aged 55 and older; used a cross-sectional, cohort, or case-control design; and had a comparison group of current drivers were included in the review. RESULTS: Sixteen studies met the inclusion criteria. Driving cessation was reported to be associated with declines in general health and physical, social, and cognitive function and with greater risks of admission to long-term care facilities and mortality. A meta-analysis based on pooled data from five studies examining the association between driving cessation and depression revealed that driving cessation almost doubled the risk of depressive symptoms in older adults (summary odds ratio = 1.91, 95% confidence interval = 1.61-2.27). CONCLUSION: Driving cessation in older adults appears to contribute to a variety of health problems, particularly depression. These adverse health consequences should be considered in making the decision to cease driving. Intervention programs ensuring mobility and social functions may be needed to mitigate the potential adverse effects of driving cessation on health and well-being in older adults."
"Journal Article"	"K. N. Karmali; D. M. Lloyd-Jones; M. A. Berendsen; D. C. Goff, Jr.; D. M. Sanghavi; N. C. Brown; L. Korenovska; M. D. Huffman"	"2016"	"Drugs for Primary Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease: An Overview of Systematic Reviews"	"JAMA cardiology"	"1"	"3"	"341-349"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27438118
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5053397/
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamacardiology/articlepdf/2517393/jamacardiology_karmali_2016_rv_160003.pdf"	"10.1001/jamacardio.2016.0218"	"Aspirin/therapeutic use
Blood Pressure/drug effects
Cardiovascular Diseases/*drug therapy/prevention & control
Coronary Artery Disease/drug therapy
Humans
Hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA Reductase Inhibitors/therapeutic use
Tobacco Use Cessation"	"IMPORTANCE: The Million Hearts initiative emphasizes ABCS (aspirin for high-risk patients, blood pressure [BP] control, cholesterol level management, and smoking cessation). Evidence of the effects of drugs used to achieve ABCS has not been synthesized comprehensively in the prevention of primary atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of aspirin, BP-lowering therapy, statins, and tobacco cessation drugs for fatal and nonfatal ASCVD outcomes in primary ASCVD prevention. EVIDENCE REVIEW: Structured search of the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE), Health Technology Assessment Database (HTA), MEDLINE, EMBASE, and PROSPERO International Prospective Systematic Review Trial Register to identify systematic reviews published from January 1, 2005, to June 17, 2015, that reported the effect of aspirin, BP-lowering therapy, statin, or tobacco cessation drugs on ASCVD events in individuals without prevalent ASCVD. Additional studies were identified by searching the reference lists of included systematic reviews, meta-analyses, and health technology assessment reports. Reviews were selected according to predefined criteria and appraised for methodologic quality using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) tool (range, 0-11). Studies were independently reviewed for key participant and intervention characteristics. Outcomes that were meta-analyzed in each included review were extracted. Qualitative synthesis was performed, and data were analyzed from July 2 to August 13, 2015. FINDINGS: From a total of 1967 reports, 35 systematic reviews of randomized clinical trials were identified, including 15 reviews of aspirin, 4 reviews of BP-lowering therapy, 12 reviews of statins, and 4 reviews of tobacco cessation drugs. Methodologic quality varied, but 30 reviews had AMSTAR ratings of 5 or higher. Compared with placebo, aspirin (relative risk [RR], 0.90; 95% CI, 0.85-0.96) and statins (RR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.70-0.81) reduced the risk for ASCVD. Compared with placebo, BP-lowering therapy reduced the risk for coronary heart disease (RR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.79-0.90) and stroke (RR, 0.64; 95% CI, 0.56-0.73). Tobacco cessation drugs increased the odds of continued abstinence at 6 months (odds ratio range, 1.82 [95% CI, 1.60-2.06] to 2.88 [95% CI, 2.40-3.47]), but the direct effects on ASCVD were poorly reported. Aspirin increased the risk for major bleeding (RR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.30-1.82), and statins did not increase overall risk for adverse effects (RR, 1.00; 95% CI, 0.97-1.03). Adverse effects of BP-lowering therapy and tobacco cessation drugs were poorly reported. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This overview demonstrates high-quality evidence to support aspirin, BP-lowering therapy, and statins for primary ASCVD prevention and tobacco cessation drugs for smoking cessation. Treatment effects of each drug can be used to enrich discussions between health care professionals and patients in primary ASCVD prevention."
"Journal Article"	"L. Laver; N. Marom; L. Dnyanesh; O. Mei-Dan; J. Espregueira-Mendes; A. Gobbi"	"2017"	"PRP for Degenerative Cartilage Disease: A Systematic Review of Clinical Studies"	"Cartilage"	"8"	"4"	"341-364"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28317389
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5613892/"	"10.1177/1947603516670709"	"PRP
cartilage
hyaluronic acid
injections
osteoarthritis
platelet-rich plasma"	"OBJECTIVE: To explore the utilization of platelet-rich plasma (PRP) for degenerative cartilage processes and evaluate whether there is sufficient evidence to better define its potential effects. DESIGN: Systematic literature reviews were conducted in PubMed/MEDLINE and Cochrane electronic databases till May 2015, using the keywords "platelet-rich plasma OR PRP OR autologous conditioned plasma OR ACP AND cartilage OR chondrocyte OR chondrogenesis OR osteoarthritis (OA) OR arthritis." RESULTS: The final result yielded 29 articles. Twenty-six studies examined PRP administration for knee OA and 3 involved PRP administration for hip OA. The results included 9 prospective randomized controlled trials (RCTs) (8 knee and 1 hip), 4 prospective comparative studies, 14 case series, and 2 retrospective comparative studies. Hyaluronic acid (HA) was used as a control in 11 studies (7 RCTs, 2 prospective comparative studies, and 2 retrospective cohort). Overall, all RCTs reported on improved symptoms compared to baseline scores. Only 2 RCTs-one for knee and one for hip-did not report significant superiority of PRP compared to the control group (HA). Nine out of 11 HA controlled studies showed significant better results in the PRP groups. A trend toward better results for PRP injections in patients with early knee OA and young age was observed; however, lack of uniformity was evident in terms of indications, inclusion criteria, and pathology definitions in the different studies. CONCLUSION: Current clinical evidence supports the benefit in PRP treatment for knee and hip OA, proven to temporarily relieve pain and improve function of the involved joint with superior results compared with several alternative treatments. Further research to establish the optimal preparation protocol and characteristics of PRP injections for OA is needed."
"Journal Article"	"M. Kanbay; D. Siriopol; I. Nistor; O. C. Elcioglu; O. Telci; M. Takir; R. J. Johnson; A. Covic"	"2014"	"Effects of Allopurinol on Endothehial Dysfunction: A Meta-Analysis"	"American Journal of Nephrology"	"39"	"4"	"348-356"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000336013700009
https://www.karger.com/Article/Pdf/360609"	"10.1159/000360609"	"Uric acid
Allopurinol
Endothelial dysfunction
Cardiovascular disease
serum uric-acid
improves endothelial function
chronic kidney-disease
chronic heart-failure
nitric-oxide
cardiovascular risk
cell-proliferation
oxidative stress
renal-function
hypertension
Urology & Nephrology"	"Objective: Several studies have assessed the effect of allopurinol on endothelial function, but these studies were relatively small in size and used different methods of evaluating endothelial function. We conducted a meta-analysis to investigate the effect of allopurinol on both endothelial-dependent and -independent vasodilatation. Methods: Electronic databases, Medline, PubMed, EMBASE, SCOPUS, EBSCO and the Cochrane Library Central Register of Clinical Trials were searched from January 1985 to July 2013 on clinical trials (randomized and non-randomized) which assessed the effect of allopurinol on endothelial function. We conducted a sensitivity analysis to assess the contribution of each study to the pooled treatment effect by excluding each study one at a time and recalculating the pooled treatment effect for the remaining studies. Treatment effect was significant if p < 0.05. We assessed for heterogeneity in treatment estimates using the Cochran Q test and the x(2) statistic (with substantial heterogeneity defined as values > 50%). Results: The final analysis consisted of 11 studies (2 observational and 9 randomized). For the endothelial-dependent vasodilatation there were 6 studies, including 257 patients, that evaluated flow-mediated dilatation and 5 studies with 87 patients that reported data on forearm blood flow response to acetylcholine or flow-dependent vasodilatation. Overall, there was a significant increase in the endothelium-dependent vasodilatation with allopurinol treatment (MD 2.69%, 95% CI 2.49, 2.89%, p < 0.001; heterogeneity x(2) = 319.1, I-2 = 96%, p < 0.001). There was only 1 study (100 patients) assessing nitrate-mediated dilatation and 4 studies (73 patients) evaluating forearm blood flow response to sodium nitroprusside as measures of endothelial-independent vasodilatation. The overall analysis (MD -0.08, 95% CI -0.50, 0.34, p = 0.70; heterogeneity x(2) = 9.0, I-2 = 44%, p = 0.11) showed no effect of allopurinol treatment on endothelium-independent vasodilatation. Conclusions: We found that treatment of hyperuricemia with allopurinol is associated with an improvement in the endothelial-dependent, but not with the endothelial-independent vasodilatation. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel"
"Journal Article"	"M. B. Snowden; L. E. Steinman; L. L. Bryant; M. M. Cherrier; K. J. Greenlund; K. H. Leith; C. Levy; R. G. Logsdon; C. Copeland; M. Vogel; L. A. Anderson; D. C. Atkins; J. F. Bell; A. L. Fitzpatrick"	"2017"	"Dementia and co-occurring chronic conditions: a systematic literature review to identify what is known and where are the gaps in the evidence?"	"International journal of geriatric psychiatry"	"32"	"4"	"357-371"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28146334
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5962963/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5962963/pdf/nihms871088.pdf"	"10.1002/gps.4652"	"*aging
*cognitive impairment
*dementia
*multiple chronic conditions
*public health
*systematic literature review
Activities of Daily Living
*Chronic Disease
*Cognitive Dysfunction
Comorbidity
*Dementia/mortality
Evidence-Based Medicine/*standards
Humans
Institutionalization/statistics & numerical data
Length of Stay"	"OBJECTIVE: The challenges posed by people living with multiple chronic conditions are unique for people with dementia and other significant cognitive impairment. There have been recent calls to action to review the existing literature on co-occurring chronic conditions and dementia in order to better understand the effect of cognitive impairment on disease management, mobility, and mortality. METHODS: This systematic literature review searched PubMed databases through 2011 (updated in 2016) using key constructs of older adults, moderate-to-severe cognitive impairment (both diagnosed and undiagnosed dementia), and chronic conditions. Reviewers assessed papers for eligibility and extracted key data from each included manuscript. An independent expert panel rated the strength and quality of evidence and prioritized gaps for future study. RESULTS: Four thousand thirty-three articles were identified, of which 147 met criteria for review. We found that moderate-to-severe cognitive impairment increased risks of mortality, was associated with prolonged institutional stays, and decreased function in persons with multiple chronic conditions. There was no relationship between significant cognitive impairment and use of cardiovascular or hypertensive medications for persons with these comorbidities. Prioritized areas for future research include hospitalizations, disease-specific outcomes, diabetes, chronic pain, cardiovascular disease, depression, falls, stroke, and multiple chronic conditions. CONCLUSIONS: This review summarizes that living with significant cognitive impairment or dementia negatively impacts mortality, institutionalization, and functional outcomes for people living with multiple chronic conditions. Our findings suggest that chronic-disease management interventions will need to address co-occurring cognitive impairment. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
"Journal Article"	"D. Sullivan; M. Lyons; R. Montgomery; A. Quinlan-Colwell"	"2016"	"Exploring Opioid-Sparing Multimodal Analgesia Options in Trauma: A Nursing Perspective"	"Journal of trauma nursing : the official journal of the Society of Trauma Nurses"	"23"	"6"	"361-375"	"Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27828892
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5123624/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5123624/pdf/jtran-23-361.pdf"	"10.1097/JTN.0000000000000250"	"Administration, Oral
Analgesia/methods
Analgesics/*administration & dosage/pharmacology
Anti-Inflammatory Agents, Non-Steroidal/administration & dosage
Female
Humans
Injections, Intravenous
Male
Pain/*drug therapy/etiology/physiopathology
Pain Management/*methods
Pain Measurement
Trauma Centers/*organization & administration
Treatment Outcome
Wounds and Injuries/complications/*diagnosis"	"Challenges with opioids (e.g., adverse events, misuse and abuse with long-term administration) have led to a renewed emphasis on opioid-sparing multimodal management of trauma pain. To assess the extent to which currently available evidence supports the efficacy and safety of various nonopioid analgesics and techniques to manage trauma pain, a literature search of recently published references was performed. Additional citations were included on the basis of authors' knowledge of the literature. Effective options for opioid-sparing analgesics include oral and intravenous (IV) acetaminophen; nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs available via multiple routes; and anticonvulsants, which are especially effective for neuropathic pain associated with trauma. Intravenous routes (e.g., IV acetaminophen, IV ketorolac) may be associated with a faster onset of action than oral routes. Additional adjuvants for the treatment of trauma pain are muscle relaxants and alpha-2 adrenergic agonists. Ketamine and regional techniques play an important role in multimodal therapy but require medical and nursing support. Nonpharmacologic treatments (e.g., cryotherapy, distraction techniques, breathing and relaxation, acupuncture) supplement pharmacologic analgesics and can be safe and easy to implement. In conclusion, opioid-sparing multimodal analgesia addresses concerns associated with high doses of opioids, and many pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic options are available to implement this strategy. Nurses play key roles in comprehensive patient assessment; administration of patient-focused, opioid-sparing, multimodal analgesia in trauma; and monitoring for safety concerns."
"Journal Article"	"T. Braunberger; D. Lynn; C. Reimer; M. Doctor; M. K. Hill; J. Mounessa; C. A. Dunnick"	"2016"	"Disease Severity and Quality of Life Measurements in Contact Dermatitis: A Systematic Review 2005-2015"	"Dermatitis : contact, atopic, occupational, drug"	"27"	"6"	"362-371"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27775978"	"10.1097/DER.0000000000000235"	"Dermatitis, Contact/*physiopathology/psychology
Humans
Outcome Assessment (Health Care)
*Quality of Life
*Severity of Illness Index
Surveys and Questionnaires"	"BACKGROUND: Contact dermatitis (CD) has been assessed by numerous disease severity indices resulting in heterogeneity across published research. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to evaluate published CD severity scales and identify a criterion standard for assessment. METHODS: Scopus and Ovid MEDLINE were searched for human randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on CD severity measures published during a 10-year period. Eligible studies were English-language RCTs reporting disease severity outcome measures for CD in humans. Studies were excluded if they were duplicates, not available in English, not related to CD, not RCTs, not conducted on human subjects, or did not report relevant outcome measures. RESULTS: A total of 22 disease outcome measures were used in 81 included RCTs. Instrument-based measures were used in 40 (49.4%) studies, and visual assessments were used in 66 (81.5%) RCTs. Only 5 (6.2%) studies reported quality of life (QoL) outcomes. Two (2.5%) studies used a clinical severity scale, which combined both QoL and visual assessments. LIMITATIONS: This study was limited by the exclusion of non-RCTs and gray literature. CONCLUSIONS: Wide variation in CD outcome measures exists including instrument-based measures, visual assessments, and QoL outcomes. A standardized outcome measure must be generated to reduce heterogeneity."
"Journal Article"	"A. M. Giladi; J. R. Rinkinen; J. P. Higgins; M. L. Iorio"	"2018"	"Donor-Site Morbidity of Vascularized Bone Flaps from the Distal Femur: A Systematic Review"	"Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery"	"142"	"3"	"363E-372E"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000442857300015"	"10.1097/prs.0000000000004691"	"medial femoral condyle
proximal pole
osteochondral flaps
reconstruction
graft
knee
expectations
defects
harvest
satisfaction
Surgery"	"Background: Vascularized grafts from the femur, including the medial femoral condyle and medial femoral trochlea, are increasingly being used. It is critical to understand the lower extremity complications from flap harvest. Methods: The authors searched available literature reporting on femoral flaps using PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Database, and Web of Science. After article selection, data were collected regarding demographics, procedure details, outcomes, and complications. The authors classified outcomes as good, fair, or poor based on pain, range-of-motion, sensory changes, subjective reporting, patient-reported outcomes, and other donor-site complications, including the need for additional procedures. Results: Two hundred twenty articles were identified. Forty-five met criteria for review, with data available for 283 patients. No patients had range-of-motion deficits beyond 1 year. Two percent of patients (six of 283) required additional donor-site procedures, with one report of a femur fracture after medial femoral condyle harvest. Only one study on 45 medial femoral trochlea patients presented patient-reported outcomes regarding the knee. Few objective data were presented. Twenty-eight articles presented adequate complication data for 252 patients to be rated as good, fair, or poor. Overall, 89 percent had good outcomes without donor-site complications. Of the 176 medial femoral condyle patients with outcomes reported, 92 percent had good outcomes; and 71 percent of the 48 medial femoral trochlea patients had good outcomes reported. Conclusions:Overall, the reported donor-site morbidity from medial femoral condyle and medial femoral trochlea harvest is low. Chronic knee pain and sensory changes are most frequently reported, especially in medial femoral trochlea patients."
"Journal Article"	"R. C. Dart; J. L. Iwanicki; N. Dasgupta; T. J. Cicero; S. H. Schnoll"	"2017"	"Do abuse deterrent opioid formulations work?"	"Journal of opioid management"	"13"	"6"	"365-378"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29308584"	"10.5055/jom.2017.0415"	"*Abuse-Deterrent Formulations
Analgesics, Opioid/*adverse effects/chemistry
Delayed-Action Preparations
Drug Compounding
Humans
Opioid-Related Disorders/diagnosis/epidemiology/*prevention & control
Protective Factors
Risk Factors
Time Factors"	"OBJECTIVE: We performed a systematic review to answer the question, "Does the introduction of an opioid analgesic with abuse deterrent properties result in reduced overall abuse of the drug in the community?" DESIGN: We included opioid analgesics with abuse deterrent properties (hydrocodone, morphine, oxycodone) with results restricted to the metasearch term "delayed onset," English language, use in humans, and publication years 2009-2016. All articles that contained data evaluating misuse, abuse, overdose, addiction, and death were included. The results were categorized using the Bradford-Hill criteria. RESULTS: We included 44 reports: hydrocodone (n = 7), morphine (n = 5), or oxycodone (n = 32) with Food and Drug Administration-approved Categories 1, 2, or 3 abuse deterrent labeling. The data currently available support the Hill criteria of strength (effect size), consistency (reproducibility), temporality, plausibility, and coherence. There was insufficient or no information available for the criteria of biological gradient, experiment, and analogy. We also assessed confounding factors and bias, which indicated that both were present and substantial in magnitude. CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis found that only oxycodone extended release (ER) had information available to evaluate abuse deterrence in the community. In Australia, Canada, and the United States, reformulation of oxycodone ER was followed by marked reduction in measures of abuse. The precise extent of reduced abuse cannot be calculated because of heterogeneous data sets, but the reported reductions ranged from 10 to 90 percent depending on the measure and the duration of follow-up."
"Journal Article"	"M. E. Betz; K. Scott; J. Jones; C. Diguiseppi"	"2016"	""Are you still driving?" Metasynthesis of patient preferences for communication with health care providers"	"Traffic injury prevention"	"17"	"4"	"367-373"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26507251
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4842130/
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/15389588.2015.1101078?needAccess=true"	"10.1080/15389588.2015.1101078"	"*attitudes and beliefs
*communication
*driving cessation
*mobility
*older drivers
*qualitative
*transportation safety
Aged
Automobile Driving/*statistics & numerical data
Humans
Patient Preference/*statistics & numerical data
*Physician-Patient Relations
Qualitative Research"	"AIM: The aim of this study was to synthesize published qualitative studies to identify older adults' preferences for communication about driving with health care providers. BACKGROUND: Health care providers play a key role in addressing driving safety and driving retirement with older adults, but conversations about driving can be difficult. Guides exist for family members and providers, but to date less is known about the types of communication and messages older drivers want from their health care providers. DESIGN: A qualitative metasynthesis of studies published on or before October 10, 2014, in databases (PubMed, CINAHL, PsycINFO, and Web of Science) and grey literature was performed. REVIEW METHODS: Twenty-two published studies representing 518 older adult drivers met the following inclusion criteria: the study (1) was about driving; (2) involved older drivers; (3) was qualitative (rather than quantitative or mixed methods); and (4) contained information on older drivers' perspectives about communication with health care providers. RESULTS: We identified 5 major themes regarding older adults' communication preferences: (1) driving discussions are emotionally charged; (2) context matters; (3) providers are trusted and viewed as authority figures; (4) communication should occur over a period of time rather than suddenly; and (5) older adults desire agency in the decision to stop driving. CONCLUSION: Various stakeholders involved in older driver safety should consider older drivers' perspectives regarding discussions about driving. Health care providers can respect and empower older drivers-and support their family members-through tactful communication about driving safety and mobility transitions during the life course."
"Journal Article"	"K. S. Oman; R. Fink; C. Kleinen; M. B. F. Makic; B. Wenger; L. Hoffecken; M. Mancuso; S. Schmiege; P. Cook"	"2014"	"Intradermal Lidocaine or Bacteriostatic Normal Saline to Decrease Pain Before Intravenous Catheter Insertion: A Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of Perianesthesia Nursing"	"29"	"5"	"367-376"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000343021600006"	"10.1016/j.jopan.2013.12.008"	"lidocaine
normal saline
intravenous catheter insertion
meta-analysis
buffered lidocaine
benzyl alcohol
Nursing"	"Purpose:Anesthetics used to decrease pain during peripheral intravenous catheter insertion have been studied with equivocal results. This meta-analysis determined if lidocaine or bacteriostatic normal saline (BaNS) is more effective in reducing pain associated with peripheral intravenous catheter cannulation in adults. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, Pro Quest Dissertation and Theses, and Web of Science databases were queried. Thirteen randomized controlled trials were analyzed. Results: Mean sample was 119.9 (+/- 82.0); combined N was 1,559. Mean effect size was z = 0.46 (confidence interval = 0.24-0.68) indicating lidocaine was more effective than BaNS in providing pain relief (P < .001). Conclusion: Cost-benefit issues and lidocaine drug shortages must be considered when making definitive practice recommendations."
"Journal Article"	"E. J. Renaud; S. Sømme; S. Islam; D. B. Cameron; R. L. Gates; R. F. Williams; T. Jancelewicz; T. A. Oyetunji; J. Grabowski; K. A. Diefenbach; R. Baird; M. A. Arnold; D. R. Lal; J. Shelton; Y. S. Guner; A. Gosain; A. L. Kawaguchi; R. L. Ricca; A. B. Goldin; R. Dasgupta"	"2019"	"Ovarian masses in the child and adolescent: An American Pediatric Surgical Association Outcomes and Evidence-Based Practice Committee systematic review"	"Journal of pediatric surgery"	"54"	"3"	"369-377"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30220452"	"10.1016/j.jpedsurg.2018.08.058"	"Adolescent
Diagnosis
Management
Ovarian mass
Pediatric
American Medical Association
Child
Child, Preschool
Early Detection of Cancer/*methods
Evidence-Based Practice/methods
Female
Fertility Preservation/*methods
Humans
Neoplasm Recurrence, Local/pathology/surgery
Ovarian Neoplasms/pathology/*surgery
Ovariectomy/*methods
Ovary/pathology/surgery
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Preoperative Care/*methods
United States"	"BACKGROUND: The treatment of ovarian masses in pediatric patients should balance appropriate surgical management with the preservation of future reproductive capability. Preoperative estimation of malignant potential is essential to planning an optimal surgical strategy. METHODS: The American Pediatric Surgical Association Outcomes and Evidence-Based Practice Committee drafted three consensus-based questions regarding the evaluation and treatment of ovarian masses in pediatric patients. A search of PubMed, the Cochrane Library, and Web of Science was performed and Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines were followed to identify articles for review. RESULTS: Preoperative tumor markers, ultrasound malignancy indices, and the presence or absence of the ovarian crescent sign on imaging can help estimate malignant potential prior to surgical resection. Frozen section also plays a role in operative strategy. Surgical staging is useful for directing chemotherapy and for prognostication. Both unilateral oophorectomy and cystectomy have been used successfully for germ cell and borderline ovarian tumors, although cystectomy may be associated with higher rates of local recurrence. CONCLUSIONS: Malignant potential of ovarian masses can be estimated preoperatively, and fertility-sparing techniques may be appropriate depending on the type of tumor. This review provides recommendations based on a critical evaluation of recent literature. TYPE OF STUDY: Systematic review of level 1-4 studies. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level 1-4 (mainly 3-4)."
"Journal Article"	"D. Verdini; D. Vargas; A. Kuo; B. Ghoshhajra; P. Kim; H. Murillo; J. Kirsch; M. Lane; C. Restrepo"	"2016"	"Coronary-Pulmonary Artery Fistulas: A Systematic Review"	"Journal of thoracic imaging"	"31"	"6"	"380-390"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27768631"	"10.1097/RTI.0000000000000232"	"Arterio-Arterial Fistula/*diagnostic imaging
Computed Tomography Angiography
Coronary Angiography
Coronary Vessel Anomalies/*diagnostic imaging
Coronary Vessels/diagnostic imaging
Humans
Pulmonary Artery/*abnormalities/*diagnostic imaging"	"PURPOSE: Coronary-pulmonary arterial fistulas (CPAFs) are rare coronary artery anomalies that have been described only in limited case reports. This study aims to evaluate the clinical presentation and imaging findings of CPAFs collected from 6 participating medical centers along with CPAFs reported in the literature, to discern any general trends present in CPAFs. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 25 cases of CPAF diagnosed by coronary computed tomography angiography were collected across 6 participating institutions. In addition, utilizing a PubMed literature search, 78 additional CPAF cases were obtained. The imaging findings and relevant clinical history were reviewed. RESULTS: Of the 103 CPAF patients, 60 (63% of patients with sex known) were male, with ages ranging from newborn to 88 years (mean=46.1 y). The most common symptoms reported were chest pain (n=40, 39%) and dyspnea (n=26, 25%), with a murmur as the most common physical examination finding (n=38, 37%). The most common coronary artery of origin for a CPAF was the left main/left anterior descending (n=87, 84%), followed by the right coronary artery (n=39, 38%). The fistula most commonly terminated in the main pulmonary artery (n=92, 89%). Multiple CPAFs were present in 46 cases (45%). Coronary artery aneurysms were identified in 20 cases (19%). Pediatric CPAF cases were usually associated with pulmonary atresia with ventricular septal defect. CONCLUSIONS: CPAFs are seen in a variety of clinical settings, from infants with advanced congenital heart disease to elderly patients who have undergone revascularization surgery. Although coronary artery fistulas have previously been described as rarely involving multiple coronary arteries, with the right coronary artery being most often involved, our series demonstrates that multiple fistulas are commonly present, with the most common pattern being between the left main/left anterior descending and the main pulmonary trunk."
"Journal Article"	"D. Cao; K. Heard; M. Foran; A. Koyfman"	"2015"	"Intravenous lipid emulsion in the emergency department: a systematic review of recent literature"	"The Journal of emergency medicine"	"48"	"3"	"387-397"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25534900"	"10.1016/j.jemermed.2014.10.009"	"Lipid emulsion
lipid solubility
overdose
resuscitation
Adult
Anesthetics, Local/poisoning
Anti-Arrhythmia Agents/poisoning
Antidepressive Agents, Tricyclic/poisoning
Antidotes/*therapeutic use
Emergency Service, Hospital
Fat Emulsions, Intravenous/*therapeutic use
Female
Humans
Poisoning/therapy
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Verapamil/poisoning"	"BACKGROUND: Intravenous lipid emulsion (ILE) has been broadly attempted in the resuscitation of neurologic and cardiac toxic drug overdoses, however, the role of ILE in the emergency department is poorly defined. OBJECTIVE: This review aims to identify recent literature on the use of ILE in humans as an antidote and to familiarize emergency providers with the indications, availability, dosing recommendations, and adverse reactions associated with ILE use. METHODS: A systemic literature search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and major toxicology conference abstracts was performed for human cases using ILE as an antidote with documented clinical outcomes through January 2014. RESULTS: Ninety-four published articles and 40 conference abstracts were identified, 85% of which had positive outcomes. The most common indication for ILE was for local anesthetic systemic toxicity (LAST). The most common nonlocal anesthetic xenobiotics were tricyclic-antidepressants and verapamil. DISCUSSION: No standard of care is defined for the use of ILE, although the American Heart Association recommends use in LAST, and the American College of Medical Toxicology recommends consideration for circumstances of hemodynamic instability resultant from lipid-soluble xenobiotics. ILE should be administered per American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine dosing recommendations. Laboratory interference, pancreatitis, respiratory distress syndrome, and interference with vasopressors should be considered as risks but are uncommon. CONCLUSIONS: In the setting of severe hemodynamic compromise by lipid-soluble xenobiotics, ILE may be considered for resuscitation by emergency physicians. As such, ILE may be stocked in emergency departments in close proximity to resuscitation rooms and areas where local nerve blocks are performed."
"Journal Article"	"M. A. Katz; D. Marangu; E. F. Attia; J. Bauwens; L. J. Bont; A. Bulatovic; J. Crane; A. Doroshenko; B. E. Ebruke; K. M. Edwards; L. Fortuna; A. Jagelaviciene; J. Joshi; J. Kemp; S. Kovacs; P. Lambach; K. D. C. Lewis; J. R. Ortiz; E. A. F. Simões; P. Turner; B. N. Tagbo; V. Vaishnavi; J. Bonhoeffer; G. Brighton Collaboration Wheeze Working"	"2019"	"Acute wheeze in the pediatric population: Case definition & guidelines for data collection, analysis, and presentation of immunization safety data"	"Vaccine"	"37"	"2"	"392-399"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28483201
https://spiral.imperial.ac.uk:8443/handle/10044/1/45517"	"10.1016/j.vaccine.2017.01.083"	"*Adverse event
*Case definition
*Guidelines
*Immunization
*Respiratory
*Wheeze
Acute Disease
Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting Systems/*standards
Child
Data Collection/methods/*standards
Humans
Immunization/adverse effects/*statistics & numerical data
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
Respiratory Sounds/*immunology"	
"Journal Article"	"A. Noshchenko; L. Hoffecker; C. M. J. Cain; V. V. Patel; E. L. Burger"	"2017"	"Spinopelvic Parameters in Asymptomatic Subjects Without Spine Disease and Deformity A Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis"	"Clinical Spine Surgery"	"30"	"9"	"392-403"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000417429200025"		"spinal balance
lumbar lordosis
sacral slope
pelvic incidence
pelvic
tilt
spinopelvic
standing lateral radiographs
sagittal plane alignment
lumbar lordosis
pelvic parameters
adult volunteers
gravity line
balance
prediction
patient
age
Neurosciences & Neurology
Orthopedics"	"Study Design: A systematic review with meta-analysis. Objective: To combine published data, focusing on the development of optimal spinopelvic parameters in adult asymptomatic subjects without spine deformity while taking into consideration the impact of potential confounders. Summary of Background Data: A well-grounded approach to define the optimal spinopelvic parameters is necessary for planning surgical correction of spine deformity. Materials: Selection criteria: (1) randomized and nonrandomized prospective, cross-sectional, and retrospective studies; (2) participants: asymptomatic subjects without spine deformity aged above 18 years; (3) studied parameters: lumbar lordosis (LL), pelvic incidence, sacral slope, and pelvic tilt; (4) potential confounders: method of measurement, sex, age, ethnicity, weight, height, and body mass index. Search method: OvidMEDLINE (1946-current) and EMBASE (1980-current), all years through October 2015 were included. Data were collected: number of enrolled subjects, means of the studied characteristics, SD, SE of the means, 95% confidence intervals. A meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the pooled means and range of optimal values (pooled mean +/- pooled SD) taking into consideration the impact of confounders. The GRADE approach was applied to evaluate the level of evidence. Results: Seventeen of 1018 studies were included (2926 subjects from 9 countries). The pooled means and the optimal ranges were: LL (L1-S1), 54.6 (42-67) degrees; LL (L1-L5), 37.0 (22-53) degrees; pelvic incidence, 50.6 (39-62) degrees; sacral slope, 37.7 (28-48) degrees; pelvic tilt, 12.6 (3-22) degrees. The pooled results were statistically significant (P<0.001), but heterogeneous. Impact of the following confounders was revealed: method of measurement, ethnicity, age, and body mass index. A methodology was created to define an individualized optimal value and range of each studied parameter taking into consideration the influence of confounders. Conclusions: The pooled results and developed methodology can be used as diagnostic criteria for evaluation of the spinopelvic parameters, planning of surgical interventions and evaluation of the treatment effect."
"Journal Article"	"S. L. Anderson; J. P. Vande Griend"	"2014"	"Quetiapine for insomnia: A review of the literature"	"American journal of health-system pharmacy : AJHP : official journal of the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists"	"71"	"5"	"394-402"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24534594"	"10.2146/ajhp130221"	"Adult
Aged
Antipsychotic Agents/administration & dosage/adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Bipolar Disorder/complications/drug therapy
Depressive Disorder, Major/complications/drug therapy
Dibenzothiazepines/administration & dosage/adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Quetiapine Fumarate
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders/complications/*drug therapy/psychology"	"PURPOSE: The safety and efficacy of quetiapine for the treatment of insomnia in adults are reviewed. SUMMARY: Quetiapine was developed for the treatment of psychiatric disorders, but its antagonism of histamine H1- and serotonin type 2A receptors has the added effect of causing sedation. As such, quetiapine is widely used off-label as a treatment for insomnia. Due to quetiapine's potential adverse effects, guidelines for the treatment of insomnia have recommended the drug's use only in patients with specific comorbid psychiatric disorders. The use of quetiapine for the treatment of insomnia in the absence of comorbid conditions has been evaluated in only two clinical trials of 31 patients in total, and very few studies have evaluated quetiapine use in patients with insomnia and other comorbidities. No trials have been conducted comparing quetiapine with an active control (e.g., zolpidem); the data that exist compare quetiapine to a placebo or there is no comparison and all patients are treated with quetiapine. Very few studies have evaluated quetiapine's efficacy in the treatment of insomnia using sleep objective testing, another limitation of the available data on quetiapine. CONCLUSION: Robust studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of quetiapine for the treatment of insomnia are lacking. Given its limited efficacy data, its adverse-effect profile, and the availability of agents approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of insomnia, quetiapine's benefit in the treatment of insomnia has not been proven to outweigh potential risks, even in patients with a comorbid labeled indication for quetiapine."
"Journal Article"	"S. G. Muthuri; S. Venkatesan; P. R. Myles; J. Leonardi-Bee; T. S. A. Al Khuwaitir; A. Al Mamun; A. P. Anovadiya; E. Azziz-Baumgartner; C. Báez; M. Bassetti; B. Beovic; B. Bertisch; I. Bonmarin; R. Booy; V. H. Borja-Aburto; H. Burgmann; B. Cao; J. Carratala; J. T. Denholm; S. R. Dominguez; P. A. D. Duarte; G. Dubnov-Raz; M. Echavarria; S. Fanella; Z. Gao; P. Gérardin; M. Giannella; S. Gubbels; J. Herberg; A. L. H. Iglesias; P. H. Hoger; X. Hu; Q. T. Islam; M. F. Jiménez; A. Kandeel; G. Keijzers; H. Khalili; M. Knight; K. Kudo; G. Kusznierz; I. Kuzman; A. M. C. Kwan; I. L. Amine; E. Langenegger; K. B. Lankarani; Y.-S. Leo; R. Linko; P. Liu; F. Madanat; E. Mayo-Montero; A. McGeer; Z. Memish; G. Metan; A. Mickiene; D. Mikić; K. G. I. Mohn; A. Moradi; P. Nymadawa; M. E. Oliva; M. Ozkan; D. Parekh; M. Paul; F. P. Polack; B. A. Rath; A. H. Rodríguez; E. B. Sarrouf; A. C. Seale; B. Sertogullarindan; M. M. Siqueira; J. Skręt-Magierło; F. Stephan; E. Talarek; J. W. Tang; K. K. W. To; A. Torres; S. H. Törün; D. Tran; T. M. Uyeki; A. Van Zwol; W. Vaudry; T. Vidmar; R. T. C. Yokota; P. Zarogoulidis; P. C. Investigators; J. S. Nguyen-Van-Tam"	"2014"	"Effectiveness of neuraminidase inhibitors in reducing mortality in patients admitted to hospital with influenza A H1N1pdm09 virus infection: a meta-analysis of individual participant data"	"The Lancet. Respiratory medicine"	"2"	"5"	"395-404"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24815805
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6637757/
http://spiral.imperial.ac.uk/bitstream/10044/1/29041/2/ms_lancet_resp_online_version.pdf"	"10.1016/S2213-2600(14)70041-4"	"Adolescent
Adult
Antiviral Agents/*therapeutic use
Child
Enzyme Inhibitors/*therapeutic use
Female
Hospitalization
Humans
*Influenza A Virus, H1N1 Subtype
Influenza, Human/*drug therapy/mortality
Male
Middle Aged
Neuraminidase/*antagonists & inhibitors
Oseltamivir/*therapeutic use
*Pandemics
Proportional Hazards Models
Treatment Outcome
Young Adult
Zanamivir/*therapeutic use"	"BACKGROUND: Neuraminidase inhibitors were widely used during the 2009-10 influenza A H1N1 pandemic, but evidence for their effectiveness in reducing mortality is uncertain. We did a meta-analysis of individual participant data to investigate the association between use of neuraminidase inhibitors and mortality in patients admitted to hospital with pandemic influenza A H1N1pdm09 virus infection. METHODS: We assembled data for patients (all ages) admitted to hospital worldwide with laboratory confirmed or clinically diagnosed pandemic influenza A H1N1pdm09 virus infection. We identified potential data contributors from an earlier systematic review of reported studies addressing the same research question. In our systematic review, eligible studies were done between March 1, 2009 (Mexico), or April 1, 2009 (rest of the world), until the WHO declaration of the end of the pandemic (Aug 10, 2010); however, we continued to receive data up to March 14, 2011, from ongoing studies. We did a meta-analysis of individual participant data to assess the association between neuraminidase inhibitor treatment and mortality (primary outcome), adjusting for both treatment propensity and potential confounders, using generalised linear mixed modelling. We assessed the association with time to treatment using time-dependent Cox regression shared frailty modelling. FINDINGS: We included data for 29,234 patients from 78 studies of patients admitted to hospital between Jan 2, 2009, and March 14, 2011. Compared with no treatment, neuraminidase inhibitor treatment (irrespective of timing) was associated with a reduction in mortality risk (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0·81; 95% CI 0·70-0·93; p=0·0024). Compared with later treatment, early treatment (within 2 days of symptom onset) was associated with a reduction in mortality risk (adjusted OR 0·48; 95% CI 0·41-0·56; p<0·0001). Early treatment versus no treatment was also associated with a reduction in mortality (adjusted OR 0·50; 95% CI 0·37-0·67; p<0·0001). These associations with reduced mortality risk were less pronounced and not significant in children. There was an increase in the mortality hazard rate with each day's delay in initiation of treatment up to day 5 as compared with treatment initiated within 2 days of symptom onset (adjusted hazard ratio [HR 1·23] [95% CI 1·18-1·28]; p<0·0001 for the increasing HR with each day's delay). INTERPRETATION: We advocate early instigation of neuraminidase inhibitor treatment in adults admitted to hospital with suspected or proven influenza infection. FUNDING: F Hoffmann-La Roche."
"Journal Article"	"S. Gaukel; S. Leu; L. Fink; S. R. Skovgaard; L. E. Ramseier; R. N. Vuille-Dit-Bille"	"2017"	"Cast wedging: a systematic review of the present evidence"	"Journal of children's orthopaedics"	"11"	"5"	"398-403"	"The British Editorial Society of Bone and Joint Surgery"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29081856
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5643935/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5643935/pdf/jco-11-398.pdf"	"10.1302/1863-2548.11.170109"	"Cast wedging
children
long-bone fracture
systematic review"	"PURPOSE: The objective of this systematic review was to summarise the outcome after cast wedging due to loss of angulation in conservative fracture treatment of children's fractures. METHODS: Electronic searches were performed using MEDLINE, PubMed, OVID, CENTRAL and EMBASE without language restrictions. RESULTS: Three studies comprising 316 patients (210 radius, 52 forearm/both bone forearm fractures and 54 tibia fractures) were included in the present analysis. Cast wedge failures occurred in 14 of 316 (4.4%) patients. Three patients (0.9%) needed surgical fixation and 11 patients (3.4%) ended up with a healed deformity. Furthermore, eight of 316 (1.8%) patients needed remanipulation and cast change. CONCLUSION: Cast wedging reflects a reliable treatment option for secondary displaced long-bone paediatric fractures."
"Journal Article"	"C. E. McCoach; E. M. Berge; X. Lu; A. E. Baron; D. R. Camidge"	"2016"	"A Brief Report of the Status of Central Nervous System Metastasis Enrollment Criteria for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Clinical Trials: A Review of the ClinicalTrials.gov Trial Registry"	"Journal of Thoracic Oncology"	"11"	"3"	"407-413"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000371446400014"	"10.1016/j.jtho.2015.10.024"	"NSCLC
CNS metastases
Clinical trial enrollment
Clinicaltrials.gov
Leptomeningeal disease
tumor brain metastases
pembrolizumab
safety
alk
Oncology
Respiratory System"	"Introduction: Central nervous system (CNS) metastases are common in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), yet clinical trials of new drugs in advanced NSCLC have varying inclusion and exclusion criteria for CNS disease. The true extent of variation in CNS-related enrollment criteria in NSCLC clinical trials has not been documented. Methods: We performed a systematic search of the ClinicalTrials.gov website to characterize interventional drug trials enrolling adult patients with advanced NSCLC. Results: Of 413 open trials, 78 (19%) strictly excluded patients with leptomeningeal disease (LMD). Separate from LMD, patients with any history of CNS metastases were strictly excluded in 59 trials (14%), allowed after local treatment in 169 (41%), and allowed with no prior treatment in 106 (26%). No explicit mention of CNS disease was made in 79 trials (19%). In multivariate analysis looking at trial phase, location, sponsor, and treatment type, only sponsor was statistically significant, with pharmaceutical industry-sponsored trials having higher odds of excluding patients with brain metastases than did university or investigator-initiated trials (OR = 2.262, 95% confidence interval: 1.063-4.808, p = 0.0342) Conclusions: With 14% to 19% of trials excluding any history of LMD or CNS parenchymal metastatic disease and 41% of trials permitting CNS disease only after prior CNS-directed treatment, direct evidence of activity of a treatment on CNS disease cannot be reliably generated in most NSCLC trials. Given the high frequency of CNS disease in NSCLC and only sponsor being associated with specific CNS exclusion criteria, sponsors should consider tailoring trial designs to explore CNS benefit more explicitly. (C) 2015 International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"Journal Article"	"P. M. Reynolds; R. MacLaren"	"2019"	"Re-evaluating the Utility of Stress Ulcer Prophylaxis in the Critically Ill Patient: A Clinical Scenario-Based Meta-Analysis"	"Pharmacotherapy"	"39"	"3"	"408-420"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30101529"	"10.1002/phar.2172"	"critical illness
histamine H2 antagonists
meta-analysis
peptic ulcer prevention and control
proton pump inhibitors
stress"	"STUDY OBJECTIVE: Because recent studies have challenged the efficacy of stress ulcer prophylaxis (SUP) in the critically ill patient, our objective was to evaluate the efficacy of SUP with proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) or histamine(2) -receptor antagonists (H(2) RAs) against placebo, control, no therapy, or enteral nutrition alone in critically ill adults. DESIGN: Meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis (TSA) of 34 randomized controlled trials. PATIENTS: A total of 3220 critically ill adults who received PPIs or H(2) RAs versus placebo, control, no therapy, or enteral nutrition. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: A systematic review was performed using a random effects meta-analysis with TSA according to a predefined protocol. Randomized controlled trials comparing PPIs or H(2) RAs with either placebo, control, no therapy, or enteral nutrition alone were identified through a comprehensive search of the literature. Two blinded reviewers independently assessed studies for inclusion, risk of bias, and extracted data using Cochrane Collaborative methodology. The predefined primary outcomes were clinically important, overt, and any (clinically important plus overt) gastrointestinal bleeding. Secondary outcomes included pneumonia, Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD), and mortality. Subgroup analyses were conducted for the primary outcome by PPI or H(2) RA use, intensive care unit (ICU) subtype, studies published after early goal-directed therapy (EGDT), the presence of risk factors for stress ulceration, and enteral nutrition use. Of the 34 trials included, 33 were judged as high risk of bias and 1 was judged as low risk. Use of SUP significantly reduced clinically important bleeding (risk ratio [RR] 0.53, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.37-0.76, p<0.001; I(2)  = 0%), overt bleeding (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.39-0.76, p=0.0003; I(2)  = 53%), and any bleeding (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.41-0.71, p<0.00001; I(2)  = 58%). TSA confirmed these findings. No significant differences in pneumonia, CDAD, or mortality were noted. Subgroup analyses revealed significant reductions in clinically important bleeding with SUP in neurosurgical patients (RR 0.37, p<0.05) but not in surgery/trauma or medical ICU patients with risk factors. SUP provided no benefit in studies published after EGDT. SUP significantly reduced clinically important bleeding regardless of the use of enteral nutrition (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis demonstrated that SUP use was associated with significant reductions in bleeding but not mortality. SUP should not be abandoned until large randomized trials demonstrate the futility of this intervention."
"Journal Article"	"L. H. Messer; R. Johnson; K. A. Driscoll; J. Jones"	"2018"	"Best friend or spy: a qualitative meta-synthesis on the impact of continuous glucose monitoring on life with Type 1 diabetes"	"Diabetic medicine : a journal of the British Diabetic Association"	"35"	"4"	"409-418"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29247556
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/dme.13568"	"10.1111/dme.13568"	"Adolescent
Adult
Anxiety/etiology
Blood Glucose/metabolism
Blood Glucose Self-Monitoring/instrumentation/methods/psychology
Child
Cost of Illness
Costs and Cost Analysis
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1/blood/psychology/*therapy
Emotions
Fear/psychology
Humans
Interpersonal Relations
Patient Participation
Self Concept
Sleep Wake Disorders/psychology
Wireless Technology"	"AIMS: This is a meta-synthesis of extant qualitative literature related to impact of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM). CGM has been available for a decade for the management of Type 1 diabetes and is the lynchpin of future artificial pancreas technologies. Clinical uptake of CGM is an important area of inquiry. The purpose of this meta-synthesis is to understand the impact of CGM on individuals with Type 1 diabetes and others (parents, significant others, providers) in order to design appropriate clinical interventions for adherence. METHODS: Studies published in English between 2007 and 2017 were included, reflecting commercial CGM availability. PubMed, PsychINFO, CINALH, Web of Science and EMBASE databases were queried using search terms related to CGM, qualitative, experience and Type 1 diabetes. Included articles contained original qualitative or mixed-method research on CGM, sensor-augmented pump or closed-loop therapies. Articles underwent quality appraisal and thematic interpretive integration by a multidisciplinary team. RESULTS: Nine articles (343 participants) met the inclusion criteria and were included in the synthesis. Six novel themes emerged: interacting with CGM, burden of living with CGM, feeling different from others, feeling empowered, interacting with glucose information and impact on relationships. CONCLUSION: CGM affects physical, emotional and relational aspects of life. Clinicians can help minimize the burden of CGM with carefully delivered education and expectation-setting with individuals. Empowerment and relational partnerships in diabetes care can be explored to maximize satisfaction with CGM. Systematic interpretive synthesis of qualitative studies provides a comprehensive, contextual understanding of the impact of CGM on daily life and relationships."
"Journal Article"	"M. D. Tyler; D. B. Richards; C. Reske-Nielsen; O. Saghafi; E. A. Morse; R. Carey; G. A. Jacquet"	"2017"	"The epidemiology of drowning in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review"	"BMC public health"	"17"	"1"	"413-420"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28482868
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5423024/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5423024/pdf/12889_2017_Article_4239.pdf"	"10.1186/s12889-017-4239-2"	"*Drowning
*Drowning prevention
*Epidemiology
*Injury
*Low and middle-income countries
*Public health
*Systematic review
Age Distribution
Developing Countries/statistics & numerical data
Drowning/*epidemiology
Humans
Rivers
Sex Distribution
Water Wells"	"BACKGROUND: According to the World Health Organization, drowning is the 3rd leading cause of unintentional injury-related deaths worldwide, accounting for 370,000 annual deaths and 7% of all injury-related deaths. Low- and middle-income countries are the most affected, accounting for 91% of unintentional drowning deaths. METHODS: The authors performed a systematic review of literature indexed in EMBASE, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and Traumatology journals formerly indexed in PubMed in January 2014 and again in September 2016. Abstracts were limited to human studies in English, conducted in low- and middle-income countries, and containing quantitative data on drowning epidemiology. RESULTS: A total of 62 articles met inclusion criteria. The majority of articles originate from Asia (56%) and Africa (26%). Risk factors for drowning included young age (<17-20 years old), male gender (75% vs. 25% female), rural environment (84% vs. 16% urban), occurring in the daytime (95% vs. 5% night time), lack of adult supervision (76% vs. 18% supervised), and limited swimming ability (86% vs. 10% with swimming ability). There was almost equal risk of drowning in a small body of water versus a large body of water (42% ponds, ditches, streams, wells; 46% lakes, rivers, sea, ocean). CONCLUSION: Drowning is a significant cause of injury-related deaths, especially in LMICs. Young males who are unsupervised in rural areas and have limited formal swimming instruction are at greatest risk of drowning in small bodies of water around their homes. Preventative strategies include covering wells and cisterns, fencing off ditches and small ponds, establishing community daycares, providing formal swimming lessons, and increasing awareness of the risks of drowning."
"Journal Article"	"Y. M. Haidar; P. B. Tripathi; T. Tjoa; S. Walia; L. Zhang; Y. Chen; D. V. Nguyen; H. Mahboubi; W. B. Armstrong; J. A. Goddard"	"2018"	"Antibiotic prophylaxis in clean-contaminated head and neck cases with microvascular free flap reconstruction: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Head & neck"	"40"	"2"	"417-427"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29083525
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6489503/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6489503/pdf/nihms-928638.pdf"	"10.1002/hed.24988"	"*clean-contaminated
*free flaps
*microvascular surgery
*prophylactic antibiotics
*surgical site infection
*Antibiotic Prophylaxis
Free Tissue Flaps/blood supply/microbiology
Head and Neck Neoplasms/*surgery
Humans
Microvessels
Surgical Wound Infection/*prevention & control
Time Factors"	"BACKGROUND: Optimal antibiotic prophylaxis duration in head and neck clean-contaminated free-flap cases is unknown. METHODS: A systematic review/meta-analysis was conducted using PubMed/MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, Web-of-Science, and Scopus databases. RESULTS: Of the 3755 searched articles, 5 articles were included for a total of 861 patients. The recipient surgical site infection risk was significantly higher in patients receiving prophylactic antibiotics for ≤24 hours compared to >24 hours (relative risk [RR] 1.56; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.13-2.14). In the post hoc multivariate analysis based on available individual-level data on 697 patients from 3 studies, the risk of surgical site infection for ≤24 hours versus >24 hours was not significant after adjusting for antibiotic type (RR 1.09; 95% CI 0.78-1.55). When compared to ampicillin-sulbactam, patients who received clindamycin prophylaxis had an increased likelihood of recipient surgical site infection (RR 2.85; 95% CI 1.95-4.17). CONCLUSION: Less than or equal to 24 hours of antibiotic prophylaxis in head and neck clean-contaminated free-flap is likely sufficient but a strong conclusion remains elusive. Clindamycin prophylaxis increases the risk of recipient surgical site infection. Further prospective trials are necessary to clarify."
"Journal Article"	"G. V. Polanczyk; E. Gwillcutt; G. A. Salum; C. Kieling; L. A. Rohde"	"2014"	"ADHD prevalence estimates across three decades: an updated systematic review and meta-regression analysis"	"International Journal of Epidemiology"	"43"	"2"	"434-442"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000335919500013
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4817588/pdf/dyt261.pdf"	"10.1093/ije/dyt261"	"ADHD
epidemiology
prevalence
time
cross-cultural
methodology
attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
deficit hyperactivity
disorder
school-age-children
epidemiology
diagnosis
adults
trends
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health"	"Background: Previous studies have identified significant variability in attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) prevalence estimates worldwide, largely explained by methodological procedures. However, increasing rates of ADHD diagnosis and treatment throughout the past few decades have fuelled concerns about whether the true prevalence of the disorder has increased over time. Methods: We updated the two most comprehensive systematic reviews on ADHD prevalence available in the literature. Meta-regression analyses were conducted to test the effect of year of study in the context of both methodological variables that determined variability in ADHD prevalence (diagnostic criteria, impairment criterion and source of information), and the geographical location of studies. Results: We identified 154 original studies and included 135 in the multivariate analysis. Methodological procedures investigated were significantly associated with heterogeneity of studies. Geographical location and year of study were not associated with variability in ADHD prevalence estimates. Conclusions: Confirming previous findings, variability in ADHD prevalence estimates is mostly explained by methodological characteristics of the studies. In the past three decades, there has been no evidence to suggest an increase in the number of children in the community who meet criteria for ADHD when standardized diagnostic procedures are followed."
"Journal Article"	"P. G. Matz; R. J. Meagher; T. Lamer; W. L. Tontz, Jr.; T. M. Annaswamy; R. C. Cassidy; C. H. Cho; P. Dougherty; J. E. Easa; D. E. Enix; B. A. Gunnoe; J. Jallo; T. D. Julien; M. B. Maserati; R. C. Nucci; J. E. O'Toole; K. Rosolowski; J. N. Sembrano; A. T. Villavicencio; J.-P. Witt"	"2016"	"Guideline summary review: An evidence-based clinical guideline for the diagnosis and treatment of degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis"	"The spine journal : official journal of the North American Spine Society"	"16"	"3"	"439-448"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26681351"	"10.1016/j.spinee.2015.11.055"	"Clinical practice guideline
Degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis
Degenerative spondylolisthesis
Evidence-based guideline
Spondylolisthesis
Systematic review
*Evidence-Based Medicine
Humans
Injections, Intra-Articular
Lumbar Vertebrae/diagnostic imaging/*surgery
*Neurosurgical Procedures
North America
*Physical Therapy Modalities
Societies, Medical
Spine
Spondylolisthesis/diagnostic imaging/*therapy"	"BACKGROUND CONTEXT: The North American Spine Society's (NASS) Evidence-Based Clinical Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Degenerative Lumbar Spondylolisthesis features evidence-based recommendations for diagnosing and treating degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis. The guideline updates the 2008 guideline on this topic and is intended to reflect contemporary treatment concepts for symptomatic degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis as reflected in the highest quality clinical literature available on this subject as of May 2013. The NASS guideline on this topic is the only guideline on degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis included in the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's National Guideline Clearinghouse (NGC). PURPOSE: The purpose of this guideline is to provide an evidence-based educational tool to assist spine specialists when making clinical decisions for patients with degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis. This article provides a brief summary of the evidence-based guideline recommendations for diagnosing and treating patients with this condition. STUDY DESIGN: A systematic review of clinical studies relevant to degenerative spondylolisthesis was carried out. METHODS: This NASS spondyolisthesis guideline is the product of the Degenerative Lumbar Spondylolisthesis Work Group of NASS' Evidence-Based Guideline Development Committee. The methods used to develop this guideline are detailed in the complete guideline and technical report available on the NASS website. In brief, a multidisciplinary work group of spine care specialists convened to identify clinical questions to address in the guideline. The literature search strategy was developed in consultation with medical librarians. Upon completion of the systematic literature search, evidence relevant to the clinical questions posed in the guideline was reviewed. Work group members used the NASS evidentiary table templates to summarize study conclusions, identify study strengths and weaknesses, and assign levels of evidence. Work group members participated in webcasts and in-person recommendation meetings to update and formulate evidence-based recommendations and incorporate expert opinion when necessary. The draft guidelines were submitted to an internal peer review process and ultimately approved by the NASS Board of Directors. Upon publication, the Degenerative Lumbar Spondylolisthesis guideline was accepted into the NGC and will be updated approximately every 5 years. RESULTS: Twenty-seven clinical questions were addressed in this guideline update, including 15 clinical questions from the original guideline and 12 new clinical questions. The respective recommendations were graded by strength of the supporting literature, which was stratified by levels of evidence. Twenty-one new or updated recommendations or consensus statements were issued and 13 recommendations or consensus statements were maintained from the original guideline. CONCLUSIONS: The clinical guideline was created using the techniques of evidence-based medicine and best available evidence to aid practitioners in the care of patients with degenerative lumbar spondylolisthesis. The entire guideline document, including the evidentiary tables, literature search parameters, literature attrition flow chart, suggestions for future research, and all of the references, is available electronically on the NASS website at https://www.spine.org/Pages/ResearchClinicalCare/QualityImprovement/ClinicalGuidelines.aspx and will remain updated on a timely schedule."
"Journal Article"	"M. L. Andreassen; J. K. Litts; D. R. Randall"	"2017"	"Emerging techniques in assessment and treatment of muscle tension dysphonia"	"Current opinion in otolaryngology & head and neck surgery"	"25"	"6"	"447-452"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28984699"	"10.1097/MOO.0000000000000405"	"Disability Evaluation
Dysphonia/diagnosis/*therapy
Evidence-Based Medicine
Female
Humans
Male
Muscle Tonus/*physiology
Phonation/physiology
Physical Therapy Modalities
*Voice Quality
*Voice Training"	"PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to summarize current evidence regarding treatment for muscle tension dysphonia (MTD) and to present recent advances in evaluation and management. RECENT FINDINGS: It is generally accepted that voice therapy for MTD is effective, but current systematic reviews report limited evaluation specific to MTD patients with moderate evidence, at best, available to support voice therapy techniques. Individual studies are difficult to compare because of heterogeneity. Considerable work is underway to identify most important metrics to include in assessment, and to advance and define direct voice therapy approaches. SUMMARY: Further standardization of assessment and treatment protocols for MTD will improve future research. Novel therapeutic techniques are under investigation. In small studies, these have found value in improving voice outcomes and measures compared with pretreatment values but have not met success greater than existing therapeutic methods."
"Journal Article"	"S. E. Majowicz; E. Scallan; A. Jones-Bitton; J. M. Sargeant; J. Stapleton; F. J. Angulo; D. H. Yeung; M. D. Kirk"	"2014"	"Global Incidence of Human Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli Infections and Deaths: A Systematic Review and Knowledge Synthesis"	"Foodborne Pathogens and Disease"	"11"	"6"	"447-455"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000337177400005
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4607253/pdf/nihms728381.pdf"	"10.1089/fpd.2013.1704"	"vtec infection
united-states
risk-factors
burden
population
disease
bacterial
children
diarrhea
food
Food Science & Technology"	"Objectives: Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) are an important cause of foodborne disease, yet global estimates of disease burden do not exist. Our objective was to estimate the global annual number of illnesses due to pathogenic STEC, and resultant hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), end-stage renal disease (ESRD), and death. Materials: We searched Medline, Scopus, SIGLE/OpenGrey, and CABI and World Health Organization (WHO) databases for studies of STEC incidence in the general population, published between January 1, 1990 and April 30, 2012, in all languages. We searched health institution websites for notifiable disease data and reports, cross-referenced citations, and consulted international knowledge experts. We employed an a priori hierarchical study selection process and synthesized results using a stochastic simulation model to account for uncertainty inherent in the data. Results: We identified 16 articles and databases from 21 countries, from 10 of the 14 WHO Sub-Regions. We estimated that STEC causes 2,801,000 acute illnesses annually (95% Credible Interval [Cr. I.]: 1,710,000; 5,227,000), and leads to 3890 cases of HUS (95% Cr. I.: 2400; 6700), 270 cases of ESRD (95% Cr. I.: 20; 800), and 230 deaths (95% Cr. I.: 130; 420). Sensitivity analyses indicated these estimates are likely conservative. Conclusions: These are the first estimates of the global incidence of STEC-related illnesses, which have not been explicitly included in previous global burden of disease estimations. Compared to other pathogens with a foodborne transmission component, STEC appears to cause more cases than alveolar echinococcosis each year, but less than typhoid fever, foodborne trematodes, and nontyphoidal salmonellosis. Applications: Given the persistence of STEC globally, efforts aimed at reducing the burden of foodborne disease should consider the relative contribution of STEC in the target population."
"Journal Article"	"J. A. Bernard; C. E. Russell; R. E. Newberry; J. R. M. Goen; V. A. Mittal"	"2017"	"Patients with schizophrenia show aberrant patterns of basal ganglia activation: Evidence from ALE meta-analysis"	"Neuroimage-Clinical"	"14"		"450-463"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000405984300048"	"10.1016/j.nicl.2017.01.034"	"Basal ganglia
Schizophrenia
Meta-analysis
Dopamine hypothesis
Neuroimaging
likelihood estimation metaanalysis
preclinical huntingtons-disease
dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
differential neural response
spatial
working-memory
functional connectivity
high-risk
cognitive
neuroscience
parkinsons-disease
movement-disorders
Neurosciences & Neurology"	"The diverse circuits and functional contributions of the basal ganglia, coupled with known differences in dopaminergic function in patients with schizophrenia, suggest they may be an important contributor to the etiology of the hallmark symptoms and cognitive dysfunction experienced by these patients. Using activation-likelihood-estimation meta-analysis of functional imaging research, we investigated differences in activation patterns in the basal ganglia in patients with schizophrenia, relative to healthy controls across task domains. This analysis included 42 functional neuroimaging studies, representing a variety of behavioral domains that have been linked to basal ganglia function in prior work. We provide important new information about the functional activation patterns and functional topography of the basal ganglia for different task domains in healthy controls. Crucially however, we demonstrate that across task domains, patients with schizophrenia show markedly decreased activation in the basal ganglia relative to healthy controls. Our results provide further support for basal ganglia dysfunction in patients with schizophrenia, and the broad dysfunction across task domains may contribute to the symptoms and cognitive deficits associated with schizophrenia. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc."
"Journal Article"	"M. A. Bakitas; R. Elk; M. Astin; L. Ceronsky; K. N. Clifford; J. N. Dionne-Odom; L. L. Emanuel; R. M. Fink; E. Kvale; S. Levkoff; C. Ritchie; T. Smith"	"2015"	"Systematic Review of Palliative Care in the Rural Setting"	"Cancer Control"	"22"	"4"	"450-464"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000368051500010"	"10.1177/107327481502200411"	"of-life care
cancer outreach program
long-term-care
family
caregivers
oncology care
in-home
patient
integration
cost
intervention
Oncology"	"Background: Many of the world's population live in rural areas. However, access and dissemination of the advances taking place in the field of palliative care to patients living in rural areas have been limited. Methods: We searched 2 large databases of the medical literature and found 248 relevant articles; we also identified another 59 articles through networking and a hand search of reference lists. Of those 307 articles, 39 met the inclusion criteria and were grouped into the following subcategories: intervention (n = 4), needs assessment (n = 2), program planning (n = 3), program evaluation (n = 4), education (n = 7), financial (n = 8), and comprehensive/systematic literature reviews (n = 11). Results: We synthesized the current state of rural palliative care research and practice to identify important gaps for future research. Studies were conducted in the United States, Australia, Canada, Africa, Sweden, and India. Two randomized control trials were identified, both of which used telehealth approaches and had positive survival outcomes. One study demonstrated positive patient quality of life and depression outcomes. Conclusions: Research to guide rural palliative care practice is sparse. Approaches to telehealth, community-academic partnerships, and training rural health care professionals show promise, but more research is needed to determine best practices for providing palliative care to patients living in rural settings."
"Journal Article"	"M. Gielen; G. J. Hageman; E. E. Antoniou; K. Nordfjall; M. Mangino; M. Balasubramanyam; T. de Meyer; A. E. Hendricks; E. J. Giltay; S. C. Hunt; J. A. Nettleton; K. D. Salpea; V. A. Diaz; R. Farzaneh-Far; G. Atzmon; S. E. Harris; L. Hou; D. Gilley; I. Hovatta; J. D. Kark; H. Nassar; D. J. Kurz; K. A. Mather; P. Willeit; Y.-L. Zheng; S. Pavanello; E. W. Demerath; L. Rode; D. Bunout; A. Steptoe; L. Boardman; A. Marti; B. Needham; W. Zheng; R. Ramsey-Goldman; A. J. Pellatt; J. Kaprio; J. N. Hofmann; C. Gieger; G. Paolisso; J. B. H. Hjelmborg; L. Mirabello; T. Seeman; J. Wong; P. van der Harst; L. Broer; F. Kronenberg; B. Kollerits; T. Strandberg; D. T. A. Eisenberg; C. Duggan; J. E. Verhoeven; R. Schaakxs; R. Zannolli; R. M. R. Dos Reis; F. J. Charchar; M. Tomaszewski; U. Mons; I. Demuth; A. E. Iglesias Molli; G. Cheng; D. Krasnienkov; B. D'Antono; M. Kasielski; B. J. McDonnell; R. P. Ebstein; K. Sundquist; G. Pare; M. Chong; M. P. Zeegers; T. group"	"2018"	"Body mass index is negatively associated with telomere length: a collaborative cross-sectional meta-analysis of 87 observational studies"	"The American journal of clinical nutrition"	"108"	"3"	"453-475"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30535086
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6454526/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6454526/pdf/nqy107.pdf"	"10.1093/ajcn/nqy107"	"Adolescent
Adult
Age Factors
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
*Body Mass Index
Cross-Sectional Studies
Ethnic Groups
Humans
Leukocytes/ultrastructure
Male
Middle Aged
Obesity/pathology
Sex Factors
Telomere/*ultrastructure
Telomere Shortening/*physiology"	"BACKGROUND: Even before the onset of age-related diseases, obesity might be a contributing factor to the cumulative burden of oxidative stress and chronic inflammation throughout the life course. Obesity may therefore contribute to accelerated shortening of telomeres. Consequently, obese persons are more likely to have shorter telomeres, but the association between body mass index (BMI) and leukocyte telomere length (TL) might differ across the life span and between ethnicities and sexes. OBJECTIVE: A collaborative cross-sectional meta-analysis of observational studies was conducted to investigate the associations between BMI and TL across the life span. DESIGN: Eighty-seven distinct study samples were included in the meta-analysis capturing data from 146,114 individuals. Study-specific age- and sex-adjusted regression coefficients were combined by using a random-effects model in which absolute [base pairs (bp)] and relative telomere to single-copy gene ratio (T/S ratio) TLs were regressed against BMI. Stratified analysis was performed by 3 age categories ("young": 18-60 y; "middle": 61-75 y; and "old": >75 y), sex, and ethnicity. RESULTS: Each unit increase in BMI corresponded to a -3.99 bp (95% CI: -5.17, -2.81 bp) difference in TL in the total pooled sample; among young adults, each unit increase in BMI corresponded to a -7.67 bp (95% CI: -10.03, -5.31 bp) difference. Each unit increase in BMI corresponded to a -1.58 × 10(-3) unit T/S ratio (0.16% decrease; 95% CI: -2.14 × 10(-3), -1.01 × 10(-3)) difference in age- and sex-adjusted relative TL in the total pooled sample; among young adults, each unit increase in BMI corresponded to a -2.58 × 10(-3) unit T/S ratio (0.26% decrease; 95% CI: -3.92 × 10(-3), -1.25 × 10(-3)). The associations were predominantly for the white pooled population. No sex differences were observed. CONCLUSIONS: A higher BMI is associated with shorter telomeres, especially in younger individuals. The presently observed difference is not negligible. Meta-analyses of longitudinal studies evaluating change in body weight alongside change in TL are warranted."
"Journal Article"	"K. O. Rove; D. A. Husmann; D. T. Wilcox; G. J. Vricella; T. T. Higuchi"	"2017"	"Systematic review of bladder cancer outcomes in patients with spina bifida"	"Journal of pediatric urology"	"13"	"5"	"456.e1-456.e9"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28687411"	"10.1016/j.jpurol.2017.05.006"	"Bladder augmentation
Bladder cancer
Myelomeningocele
Spina bifida
Systematic review
Humans
Spinal Dysraphism/*complications
Urinary Bladder Neoplasms/*epidemiology
Urinary Bladder, Neurogenic/pathology/*surgery"	"BACKGROUND: In patients with congenital bladder anomalies, bladder augmentation is used as a last resort to reduce intravesical pressure, but concerns about malignant transformation in augmented patients were first raised in the 1980s. The best evidence to date indicates that augmentation does not appear to increase the risk of bladder cancer in spina bifida patients. To date, oncologic outcomes from patients with spina bifida with and without augmentation have only been available in small case reports. OBJECTIVE: To systematically evaluate factors in myelomeningocele patients with bladder cancer, including bladder augmentation, that contribute to overall survival (OS). STUDY DESIGN: A systematic review using PubMed was conducted by cross referencing terms 'myelomeningocele,' 'cystoplasty,' 'bladder cancer' and respective synonyms according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement. Inclusion criteria were studies with patients with an underlying diagnosis of myelomeningocele and bladder cancer with data on age, stage, and mortality status. Studies were excluded for spinal cord injury, history of tuberculosis or schistosomiasis, or prior ureterosigmoidostomy. RESULTS: Fifty-two patients were identified from 28 studies with a median age at bladder cancer diagnosis of 41 years (range 13-73); 37 (71%) presented with stage III or IV bladder cancer. Overall survival at 1 year and 2 years was 48.5% and 31.5%, respectively. Overall survival was different between those with and without augmentation (P = 0.009) by log-rank analysis. No between-group differences in OS were seen based on age, management with indwelling catheter, diversion with ileal conduit or being on a surveillance program. Only stage remained a significant predictor of OS on multivariate analysis (HR 2.011, 95% CI 1.063-3.804, P = 0.032). Secondary analysis was performed after removing patients with gastric augmentation (n = 8), and no difference in OS was seen between patients with (n = 8) and without augmentation (n = 36, P = 0.112). Of augmented patients, latency to development of bladder cancer was variable (Summary Figure). DISCUSSION: Bladder cancer is a deadly diagnosis in patients with congenital bladder anomalies like spina bifida, and while overall prevalence of the two conditions occurring together is low, bladder cancer will go on to affect 2-4% of spina bifida patients. The present study examined overall survival, and further characterized outcomes in these patients. Presence of a bladder augment did not appear to worsen overall survival. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with myelomeningocele who developed bladder cancer had aggressive disease. Augmentation did not worsen OS, based on cases reported in the literature. Risk of bladder cancer should be discussed with all myelomeningocele patients."
"Journal Article"	"W. H. Self; M. W. Semler; R. Bellomo; S. M. Brown; B. P. deBoisblanc; M. C. Exline; A. A. Ginde; C. K. Grissom; D. R. Janz; A. E. Jones; K. D. Liu; S. P. J. Macdonald; C. D. Miller; P. K. Park; L. A. Reineck; T. W. Rice; J. S. Steingrub; D. Talmor; D. M. Yealy; I. S. Douglas; N. I. Shapiro; C. P. Committee; N. Prevention; I. Early Treatment of Acute Lung Injury Network"	"2018"	"Liberal Versus Restrictive Intravenous Fluid Therapy for Early Septic Shock: Rationale for a Randomized Trial"	"Annals of emergency medicine"	"72"	"4"	"457-466"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29753517
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6380679/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6380679/pdf/nihms-1011865.pdf"	"10.1016/j.annemergmed.2018.03.039"	"Drug Administration Schedule
Fluid Therapy
Humans
Infusions, Intravenous
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Research Design
Shock, Septic/*drug therapy
Vasoconstrictor Agents/administration & dosage/*therapeutic use"	"Prompt intravenous fluid therapy is a fundamental treatment for patients with septic shock. However, the optimal approach for administering intravenous fluid in septic shock resuscitation is unknown. Two competing strategies are emerging: a liberal fluids approach, consisting of a larger volume of initial fluid (50 to 75 mL/kg [4 to 6 L in an 80-kg adult] during the first 6 hours) and later use of vasopressors, versus a restrictive fluids approach, consisting of a smaller volume of initial fluid (≤30 mL/kg [≤2 to 3 L]), with earlier reliance on vasopressor infusions to maintain blood pressure and perfusion. Early fluid therapy may enhance or maintain tissue perfusion by increasing venous return and cardiac output. However, fluid administration may also have deleterious effects by causing edema within vital organs, leading to organ dysfunction and impairment of oxygen delivery. Conversely, a restrictive fluids approach primarily relies on vasopressors to reverse hypotension and maintain perfusion while limiting the administration of fluid. Both strategies have some evidence to support their use but lack robust data to confirm the benefit of one strategy over the other, creating clinical and scientific equipoise. As part of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Prevention and Early Treatment of Acute Lung Injury Network, we designed a randomized clinical trial to compare the liberal and restrictive fluids strategies, the Crystalloid Liberal or Vasopressor Early Resuscitation in Sepsis trial. The purpose of this article is to review the current literature on approaches to early fluid resuscitation in adults with septic shock and outline the rationale for the upcoming trial."
"Journal Article"	"C. W. Wee; H.-C. Kang; H.-G. Wu; E. K. Chie; N. Choi; J. M. Park; J.-I. Kim; C.-M. Huang; J.-Y. Wang; S. Y. Ng; K. A. Goodman"	"2018"	"Intensity-modulated radiotherapy versus three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy in rectal cancer treated with neoadjuvant concurrent chemoradiation: a meta-analysis and pooled-analysis of acute toxicity"	"Japanese journal of clinical oncology"	"48"	"5"	"458-466"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29554287
https://watermark.silverchair.com/hyy029.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAoEwggJ9BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggJuMIICagIBADCCAmMGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMfEJgbAtzAaPvMAgfAgEQgIICNC76nrpIT3evILMzC8XSkfRxqcNxfIsHGYzYdIGUoKTUm1jS_jZSq54gbXY2qYwlpYTcDfYkoyw8bC-Z8GwxyfqEIiKBlawH4eo9acziDsbhgwamKzcKU-ZlCjqqVyFCMzTid8qWMDuYJORHoDqHRQBo4fj363nO7vpQhYZFe_gIAXLiiWgkDyKWhz804_uLBkp73MfL-_2nP7J1IRA4VdurSoJk5DOgll3kEDoP4oP1GulEM5pypHA6fyYhbObUC91QRP03oESKUiiSLVMQU_HieMz1w_ppSNOBf1Hr5HRxg4ekL3F-9EAvqfGGa1BW4TO3bGF77rlCrrCVp9fCv6DX-5lEj7OOMrn92jEBZvAH0Wl3Tx5uog3JS4pVZ1DYONnQZYjEtD32MnhG14N7F8oViCyXnzpbrb_IA7INf5oc9PT5yvAxQSfVWhQyTAu8UcOZ35KgK1gVV0-qk9zBq9wxxPGM1kdkw8mf7x23MZeEYDyVOXu8wpmkJKy4se-Il8RkmwGGsFhAFzJfpy_nqYne6DdbUnvHQCuHVxK1FglFQ06U3SlCK_vJk9uoIerdVU15Hgbws91wqHiHNOy6tYuQKJGDdBWdk8CFynoA1bpHMoRy__mSzgl3haJ7QSm7E3-zzxeHjLolD5dRXtdZxv8KB2pdagjtGaiy3tvu15vS6nMx_OI38dfGPhmrN5neLqpzhpr6bH4jp_dljJ-1Pwo4R7ppixteElPoc-ASfcfNKwjJRw"	"10.1093/jjco/hyy029"	"Aged
Chemoradiotherapy/*adverse effects/methods
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Neoadjuvant Therapy/*adverse effects/methods
Radiotherapy, Conformal/*adverse effects/methods
Radiotherapy, Intensity-Modulated/*adverse effects/methods
Rectal Neoplasms/pathology/*radiotherapy"	"BACKGROUND: To compare the acute gastrointestinal (GI) and genitourinary (GU) toxicity profiles between intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) and three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy (3DCRT) in rectal cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant chemoradiation (NCRT) using meta-analysis and pooled-analysis from published articles. METHODS: Literature search was performed in PubMed and EMBASE from inception to March 2017. The odd ratios (ORs) were calculated and random effects model was used for meta-analysis. Chi-square or Fisher's exact test was performed for the pooled-analysis. RESULTS: Six studies including a total of 859 patients met the inclusion criteria. Most patients (98.7%) received NCRT. In the meta-analysis, IMRT reduced grade ≥ 2 acute overall GI toxicity, diarrhea and proctitis with ORs of 0.38, 0.32 and 0.60, respectively (all P < 0.05), compared to 3DCRT. IMRT also reduced acute grade ≥ 3 proctitis compared to 3D-CRT (OR, 0.24; P = 0.03). No significant heterogeneity or publication bias was detected. In the pooled-analysis, IMRT reduced the incidence of grade ≥ 2 acute overall GI toxicity, diarrhea, proctitis and GU toxicity (all P < 0.05). Moreover, lower incidence of grade ≥ 3 acute overall GI toxicity, diarrhea and proctitis were observed in the patients treated with IMRT (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: IMRT significantly reduced acute toxicity in locally advanced rectal cancer patients treated with NCRT compared to 3DCRT."
"Journal Article"	"S. Pastorino; T. Bishop; S. R. Crozier; C. Granström; K. Kordas; L. K. Küpers; E. C. O'Brien; K. Polanska; K. A. Sauder; M. H. Zafarmand; R. C. Wilson; C. Agyemang; P. R. Burton; C. Cooper; E. Corpeleijn; D. Dabelea; W. Hanke; H. M. Inskip; F. M. McAuliffe; S. F. Olsen; T. G. Vrijkotte; S. Brage; A. Kennedy; D. O'Gorman; P. Scherer; K. Wijndaele; N. J. Wareham; G. Desoye; K. K. Ong"	"2019"	"Associations between maternal physical activity in early and late pregnancy and offspring birth size: remote federated individual level meta-analysis from eight cohort studies"	"BJOG : an international journal of obstetrics and gynaecology"	"126"	"4"	"459-470"	"John Wiley and Sons Inc."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30230190
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6330060/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6330060/pdf/BJO-126-459.pdf"	"10.1111/1471-0528.15476"	"Birth weight
large-for-gestational age
macrosomia
physical activity
pregnancy
small-for-gestational age
Adipose Tissue
Adult
*Birth Weight
Cohort Studies
Diabetes, Gestational/epidemiology
Energy Metabolism
*Exercise
Female
Fetal Macrosomia/*epidemiology
Humans
Infant, Newborn
*Infant, Small for Gestational Age
Linear Models
Obesity/epidemiology
Overweight/epidemiology
Pregnancy Complications/epidemiology
Pregnancy Trimester, First
Pregnancy Trimester, Second
Pregnancy Trimester, Third
Protective Factors
Risk Factors
Young Adult"	"OBJECTIVE: Evidence on the impact of leisure time physical activity (LTPA) in pregnancy on birth size is inconsistent. We aimed to examine the association between LTPA during early and late pregnancy and newborn anthropometric outcomes. DESIGN: Individual level meta-analysis, which reduces heterogeneity across studies. SETTING: A consortium of eight population-based studies (seven European and one US) comprising 72 694 participants. METHODS: Generalised linear models with consistent inclusion of confounders (gestational age, sex, parity, maternal age, education, ethnicity, BMI, smoking, and alcohol intake) were used to test associations between self-reported LTPA at either early (8-18 weeks gestation) or late pregnancy (30+ weeks) and the outcomes. Results were pooled using random effects meta-analyses. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Birth weight, large-for-gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, small-for-gestational age (SGA), % body fat, and ponderal index at birth. RESULTS: Late, but not early, gestation maternal moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA), vigorous activity, and LTPA energy expenditure were modestly inversely associated with BW, LGA, macrosomia, and ponderal index, without heterogeneity (all: I(2)  = 0%). For each extra hour/week of MVPA, RR for LGA and macrosomia were 0.97 (95% CI: 0.96, 0.98) and 0.96 (95% CI: 0.94, 0.98), respectively. Associations were only modestly reduced after additional adjustments for maternal BMI and gestational diabetes. No measure of LTPA was associated with risk for SGA. CONCLUSIONS: Physical activity in late, but not early, pregnancy is consistently associated with modestly lower risk of LGA and macrosomia, but not SGA. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: In an individual participant meta-analysis, late pregnancy moderate to vigorous physical activity modestly reduced birth size outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"D. M. Roberts; C. Yates; B. Megarbane; J. F. Winchester; R. Maclaren; S. Gosselin; T. D. Nolin; V. Lavergne; R. S. Hoffman; M. Ghannoum; T. Extracorporeal"	"2015"	"Recommendations for the Role of Extracorporeal Treatments in the Management of Acute Methanol Poisoning: A Systematic Review and Consensus Statement"	"Critical Care Medicine"	"43"	"2"	"461-472"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000348096200024"	"10.1097/ccm.0000000000000708"	"acidosis
antidotes
consensus guidelines
Delphi process
dialysis
dialyzability
enhanced elimination
extracorporeal treatment
indications
intoxication
methanol
morbidity
mortality
poisoning
systematic review
triage
formate kinetics
prognostic-factors
serum osmolality
ethanol therapy
methyl-alcohol
intoxication
hemodialysis
fomepizole
dialysis
toxicity
General & Internal Medicine"	"Objective: Methanol poisoning can induce death and "disability. Treatment includes the administration of antidotes (ethanol or fomepizole and folic/folinic acid) and consideration of extracorporeal treatment for correction of acidemia and/or enhanced elimination. The Extracorporeal Treatments in Poisoning workgroup aimed to develop evidence-based consensus recommendations for extracorporeal treatment in methanol poisoning. Design and Methods: Utilizing predetermined methods, we conducted a systematic review of the literature. Two hundred seventy-two relevant publications were identified but publication and selection biases were noted. Data on clinical outcomes and dialyzability were collated and a two-round modified Delphi process was used to reach a consensus. Results: Recommended indications for extracorporeal treatment: Severe methanol poisoning including any of the following being attributed to methanol: coma, seizures, new vision deficits, metabolic acidosis with blood pH.7.15, persistent metabolic acidosis despite adequate supportive measures and antidotes, serum anion gap higher than 24 mmol/L; or, serum methanol concentration 1) greater than 700 mg/L (21.8 mmol/L) in the context of fomepizole therapy, 2) greater than 600 mg/L or 18.7 mmol/L in the context of ethanol treatment 3) greater than 500 mg/L or 15.6 mmol/L in the absence of an alcohol dehydrogenase blocker; in the absence of a methanol concentration, the osmolal/ osmolar gap may be informative; or, in the context of impaired kidney function. Intermittent hemodialysis is the modality of choice and continuous modalities are acceptable alternatives. Extracorporeal treatment can be terminated when the methanol concentration is <200 mg/L or 6.2 mmol/L and a clinical improvement is observed. Extracorporeal Treatments in Poisoning inhibitors and folic/folinic acid should be continued during extracorporeal treatment. General considerations: Antidotes and extracorporeal treatment should be initiated urgently in the context of severe poisoning. The duration of extracorporeal treatment extracorporeal treatment depends on the type of extracorporeal treatment used and the methanol exposure. Indications for extracorporeal treatment are based on risk factors for poor outcomes. The relative importance of individual indications for the triaging of patients for extracorporeal treatment, in the context of an epidemic when need exceeds resources, is unknown. In the absence of severe poisoning but if the methanol concentration is elevated and there is adequate alcohol dehydrogenase blockade, extracorporeal treatment is not immediately required. Systemic anticoagulation should be avoided during extracorporeal treatment because it may increase the development or severity of intracerebral hemorrhage. Conclusion: Extracorporeal treatment has a valuable role in the treatment of patients with methanol poisoning. A range of clinical indications for extracorporeal treatment is provided and duration of therapy can be guided through the careful monitoring of biomarkers of exposure and toxicity. In the absence of severe poisoning, the decision to use extracorporeal treatment is determined by balancing the cost and complications of extracorporeal treatment to that of fomepizole or ethanol. Given regional differences in cost and availability of fomepizole and extracorporeal treatment, these decisions must be made at a local level."
"Journal Article"	"M. Ozkaynak; B. Reeder; L. Hoffecker; M. B. Makic; K. Sousa"	"2017"	"Use of Electronic Health Records by Nurses for Symptom Management in Inpatient Settings: A Systematic Review"	"Computers, informatics, nursing : CIN"	"35"	"9"	"465-472"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28240616"	"10.1097/CIN.0000000000000329"	"*Documentation
Electronic Health Records/*statistics & numerical data
Hospitalization
Humans
*Nurse's Role
Nursing Assessment/*methods
Pain Management"	"Symptom management is one of the essential functions of nurses in inpatient settings; yet, little is understood about the manner in which nurses use electronic health records for symptom documentation. Therefore, the purpose of this systematic review is to characterize nurses' use of electronic health records for documentation of symptom assessment and management in inpatient settings, to inform design studies that better support electronic health records for patient symptom management by nurses. We searched the Ovid Medline (1946-current), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (EBSCO, 1981-current), and Excerpta Medica Database (Embase.com, 1974-current) databases from inception through May 2015 using multiple subject headings and "free text" key words, representing the concepts of electronic medical records, symptom documentation, and inpatient setting. One thousand nine hundred eighty-two articles were returned from the search. Eighteen publications from the years 2003 to 2014 were included after abstract and full text review. Studies heavily focused on a pain as symptom. Nurses face challenges when using electronic health records that can threaten quality and safety of care. Clinical, design, and administrative recommendations were identified to overcome the challenges of nurses' electronic health record use. A call for interdisciplinary, comprehensive, systematic interventions and user-centered design of information systems is needed."
"Journal Article"	"Z. Xu; J. L. Crooks; J. M. Davies; A. F. Khan; W. Hu; S. Tong"	"2018"	"The association between ambient temperature and childhood asthma: a systematic review"	"International journal of biometeorology"	"62"	"3"	"471-481"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29022096
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs00484-017-1455-5.pdf"	"10.1007/s00484-017-1455-5"	"Absolute temperature
Aeroallergen
Air pollution
Childhood asthma
Temperature variation
Asthma/*epidemiology
Child
Humans
*Temperature"	"The objectives of this study are to review available information on the association between ambient temperature and childhood asthma, and to elucidate the possible underlying mechanisms of this relationship. A systematic review was conducted based on the papers retrieved from four databases, including PubMed, ProQuest, ScienceDirect, and Scopus. Papers examining the association of absolute temperature or temperature variation with childhood asthma published from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2016 were included. Thirteen papers have quantified the effect of absolute temperature on childhood asthma, and six papers have examined the effect of intra- or inter-day temperature variation on childhood asthma. All studies were conducted in urban areas. Aeroallergen sensitizations were only considered in the analyses of one study. Discrepancy existed in the significance of the relationship between absolute temperature and childhood asthma, and also in the shape of this relationship (i.e. linear or non-linear) and whether temperature effects were lagged. Increasing evidence is suggesting non-linear relationship between absolute temperature and childhood asthma. Future research should investigate the burden of childhood asthma specifically attributable to extreme temperatures and temperature variation using advanced statistical approach, particularly in rural areas, after properly considering aeroallergens and air pollution. Projecting future burden of childhood asthma under climate change scenarios is also warranted."
"Journal Article"	"I. K. Louh; W. G. Greendyke; E. A. Hermann; K. W. Davidson; L. Falzon; D. K. Vawdrey; J. A. Shaffer; D. P. Calfee; E. Y. Furuya; H. H. Ting"	"2017"	"Clostridium Difficile Infection in Acute Care Hospitals: Systematic Review and Best Practices for Prevention"	"Infection Control and Hospital Epidemiology"	"38"	"4"	"476-482"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000397352300015
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5560033/pdf/nihms879558.pdf"	"10.1017/ice.2016.324"	"antimicrobial stewardship program
resistant staphylococcus-aureus
antibiotic stewardship
fluoroquinolone use
impact
health
implementation
restriction
outbreak
outcomes
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health
Infectious Diseases"	"OBJECTIVE. Prevention of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) in acute-care hospitals is a priority for hospitals and clinicians. We performed a qualitative systematic review to update the evidence on interventions to prevent CDI published since 2009. DESIGN. We searched Ovid, MEDLINE, EMBASE, The Cochrane Library, CINAHL, the ISI Web of Knowledge, and grey literature databases from January 1, 2009 to August 1, 2015. SETTING. We included studies performed in acute-care hospitals. PATIENTS OR PARTICIPANTS. We included studies conducted on hospitalized patients that investigated the impact of specific interventions on CDI rates. INTERVENTIONS. We used the QI-Minimum Quality Criteria Set (QI-MQCS) to assess the quality of included studies. Interventions were grouped thematically: environmental disinfection, antimicrobial stewardship, hand hygiene, chlorhexidine bathing, probiotics, bundled approaches, and others. A meta-analysis was performed when possible. RESULTS. Of 3,236 articles screened, 261 met the criteria for full-text review and 46 studies were ultimately included. The average quality rating was 82% according to the QI-MQCS. The most effective interventions, resulting in a 45% to 85% reduction in CDI, included daily to twice daily disinfection of high-touch surfaces (including bed rails) and terminal cleaning of patient rooms with chlorine-based products. Bundled interventions and antimicrobial stewardship showed promise for reducing CDI rates. Chlorhexidine bathing and intensified hand hygiene practices were not effective for reducing CDI rates. CONCLUSIONS. Daily and terminal cleaning of patient rooms using chlorine-based products were most effective in reducing CDI rates in hospitals. Further studies are needed to identify the components of bundled interventions that reduce CDI rates."
"Journal Article"	"L. Cervantes; J. Zoucha; J. Jones; S. Fischer"	"2016"	"Experiences and Values of Latinos with End Stage Renal Disease: A Systematic Review of Qualitative Studies"	"Nephrology nursing journal : journal of the American Nephrology Nurses' Association"	"43"	"6"	"479-493"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30550077"		"Latino
end stage renal disease
palliative care
qualitative
quality of life
Cultural Characteristics
Hispanic Americans
Humans
Kidney Failure, Chronic/ethnology/nursing/*therapy
Nephrology Nursing
*Renal Dialysis"	"Patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD) experience a high symptom burden and poor quality of life as part of their advanced illness. Latinos experience a higher prevalence of ESRD compared to non-Latino whites; however, they are underrepresented in existing ESRD literature. We conducted a systematic review of qualitative studies that include Latino patients with ESRD and their caregivers in the United States. Of 694 citations published through August 2014, six met inclusion criteria. Four major themes emerged: 1) Losses, 2) Heightened awareness of death, 3) Barriers to quality communication and care, and 4) Mediating Latino traditions and values. A thematic schema was developed."
"Journal Article"	"J. R. Vittengl; R. B. Jarrett; E. Weitz; S. D. Hollon; J. Twisk; I. Cristea; D. David; R. J. DeRubeis; S. Dimidjian; B. W. Dunlop; M. Faramarzi; U. Hegerl; S. H. Kennedy; F. Kheirkhah; R. Mergl; J. Miranda; D. C. Mohr; A. J. Rush; Z. V. Segal; J. Siddique; A. D. Simons; P. Cuijpers"	"2016"	"Divergent Outcomes in Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy and Pharmacotherapy for Adult Depression"	"The American journal of psychiatry"	"173"	"5"	"481-490"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26869246
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4934129/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4934129/pdf/nihms797067.pdf"	"10.1176/appi.ajp.2015.15040492"	"Adult
Antidepressive Agents/*therapeutic use
*Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
Depressive Disorder/*drug therapy/*therapy
Depressive Disorder, Major/diagnosis/*drug therapy/*therapy
Female
Humans
Male
Psychiatric Status Rating Scales
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic/*psychology
Treatment Outcome
Young Adult"	"OBJECTIVE: Although the average depressed patient benefits moderately from cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) or pharmacotherapy, some experience divergent outcomes. The authors tested frequencies, predictors, and moderators of negative and unusually positive outcomes. METHOD: Sixteen randomized clinical trials comparing CBT and pharmacotherapy for unipolar depression in 1,700 patients provided individual pre- and posttreatment scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and/or Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). The authors examined demographic and clinical predictors and treatment moderators of any deterioration (increase ≥1 HAM-D or BDI point), reliable deterioration (increase ≥8 HAM-D or ≥9 BDI points), extreme nonresponse (posttreatment HAM-D score ≥21 or BDI score ≥31), superior improvement (HAM-D or BDI decrease ≥95%), and superior response (posttreatment HAM-D or BDI score of 0) using multilevel models. RESULTS: About 5%-7% of patients showed any deterioration, 1% reliable deterioration, 4%-5% extreme nonresponse, 6%-10% superior improvement, and 4%-5% superior response. Superior improvement on the HAM-D only (odds ratio=1.67) and attrition (odds ratio=1.67) were more frequent in pharmacotherapy than in CBT. Patients with deterioration or superior response had lower pretreatment symptom levels, whereas patients with extreme nonresponse or superior improvement had higher levels. CONCLUSIONS: Deterioration and extreme nonresponse and, similarly, superior improvement and superior response, both occur infrequently in randomized clinical trials comparing CBT and pharmacotherapy for depression. Pretreatment symptom levels help forecast negative and unusually positive outcomes but do not guide selection of CBT versus pharmacotherapy. Pharmacotherapy may produce clinician-rated superior improvement and attrition more frequently than does CBT."
"Journal Article"	"I. H. Iftikhar; F. R. McGuire; A. I. Musani"	"2014"	"Efficacy of bronchoscopic lung volume reduction: a meta-analysis"	"International journal of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease"	"9"		"481-491"	"Dove Medical Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24868153
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4027920/
https://www.dovepress.com/getfile.php?fileID=20031"	"10.2147/COPD.S63378"	"coils
emphysema
endobronchial valves
sealants
stents
*Bronchoscopy/adverse effects/instrumentation/mortality
Exercise Therapy
Exercise Tolerance
Forced Expiratory Volume
Humans
Lung/physiopathology/*surgery
Lung Volume Measurements
Pneumonectomy/adverse effects/instrumentation/*methods/mortality
Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive/diagnosis/physiopathology/*surgery
Pulmonary Emphysema/diagnosis/physiopathology/*surgery
Recovery of Function
Surveys and Questionnaires
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome
Walking"	"BACKGROUND: Over the last several years, the morbidity, mortality, and high costs associated with lung volume reduction (LVR) surgery has fuelled the development of different methods for bronchoscopic LVR (BLVR) in patients with emphysema. In this meta-analysis, we sought to study and compare the efficacy of most of these methods. METHODS: ELIGIBLE STUDIES WERE RETRIEVED FROM PUBMED AND EMBASE FOR THE FOLLOWING BLVR METHODS: one-way valves, sealants (BioLVR), LVR coils, airway bypass stents, and bronchial thermal vapor ablation. Primary study outcomes included the mean change post-intervention in the lung function tests, the 6-minute walk distance, and the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire. Secondary outcomes included treatment-related complications. RESULTS: Except for the airway bypass stents, all other methods of BLVR showed efficacy in primary outcomes. However, in comparison, the BioLVR method showed the most significant findings and was the least associated with major treatment-related complications. For the BioLVR method, the mean change in forced expiratory volume (in first second) was 0.18 L (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.09 to 0.26; P<0.001); in 6-minute walk distance was 23.98 m (95% CI: 12.08 to 35.88; P<0.01); and in St George's Respiratory Questionnaire was -8.88 points (95% CI: -12.12 to -5.64; P<0.001). CONCLUSION: The preliminary findings of our meta-analysis signify the importance of most methods of BLVR. The magnitude of the effect on selected primary outcomes shows noninferiority, if not equivalence, when compared to what is known for surgical LVR."
"Journal Article"	"M. R. Sterling; A. L. Shaw; P. B. Leung; M. M. Safford; C. D. Jones; E. K. Tsui; D. Delgado"	"2018"	"Home care workers in heart failure: a systematic review"	"Journal of multidisciplinary healthcare"	"11"		"481-492"	"Dove Medical Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30288046
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6161732/
https://www.dovepress.com/getfile.php?fileID=44718"	"10.2147/JMDH.S175512"	"congestive heart failure
health services research
home care workers
home health aides
home health care
quality of care
systematic review"	"BACKGROUND: Home care workers (HCWs), which include home health aides and personal care aides, are increasingly used by heart failure (HF) patients for post-acute care and long-term assistance. Despite their growing presence, they have largely been left out of HF research and interventions. This systematic review was aimed to 1) describe utilization patterns of HCWs by adults with HF, 2) examine the effect of HCWs on HF outcomes, and 3) review HF interventions that involve HCWs. METHODS: Five electronic databases (Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid EMBASE, Cochrane Library [Wiley], CINAHL [EBSCO], and AgeLine [EBSCO]) were searched from inception through August 4, 2017. The yield was screened using prespecified inclusion and exclusion criteria. Two authors independently reviewed references and a third reviewer acted as an arbitrator when needed. Data were extracted from articles that met the inclusion criteria. The Downs and Black checklist was used for quality assessment. Due to study heterogeneity, a narrative synthesis was conducted. RESULTS: Of the 7,032 studies screened, 13 underwent full-text review, and six met the inclusion criteria. Two descriptive studies found that adults with HF who live alone and have functional and cognitive deficits utilize HCWs. While three retrospective cohort studies examined the association between having an HCW post-HF hospitalization and readmission rates, their findings were conflicting. One quasi-experimental study found that an HCW-delivered educational intervention improved HF patients' self-care abilities. Overall, despite some significant findings, the studies assessed were of poor-to-fair quality (Downs and Black score range: 10-16 [28 total points]), with most lacking methodological rigor. CONCLUSION: Although HCWs are quite common, the literature on these paraprofessionals in HF is limited. Given the paucity of research in this area and the low quality of studies reviewed here, additional research is warranted on the potential role of HCWs in HF self-care and on outcomes among adults with HF."
"Journal Article"	"A. S. Hoffberg; E. Spitzer; J. L. Mackelprang; S. A. Farro; L. A. Brenner"	"2018"	"Suicidal Self-Directed Violence Among Homeless US Veterans: A Systematic Review"	"Suicide & life-threatening behavior"	"48"	"4"	"481-498"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28731200"	"10.1111/sltb.12369"	"Female
Homeless Persons/*psychology
Humans
Male
Self-Injurious Behavior/*epidemiology
*Suicide, Attempted/statistics & numerical data
United States/epidemiology
Veterans/*psychology"	"A systematic review of the literature was conducted to investigate suicidal self-directed violence and homelessness among US military veterans, and identify existing suicide prevention strategies. In November 2015, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycInfo, CINAHL, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, Google, and Google Scholar were searched. Articles published since 1990 investigating self-directed violence among homeless veterans were identified. Data were extracted and synthesized qualitatively. Nineteen observational studies were included. Suicide ideation rates were 1.3% (current), 7.0% (past week), 12.1%-18% (past 30 days), and 74% (lifetime). Suicide attempt rates were 0%-6% (past 30 days), 30.7%-31.5% (past 5 years), and 15%-46.6% (lifetime). Death by suicide rate was 81.0 per 100,000. No interventional studies to prevent self-directed violence among homeless veterans were identified. Homeless veterans are at risk for self-directed violence, suggesting the need for research to examine preventive strategies. A comprehensive public health approach to suicide prevention needs to focus on vulnerable populations, including homeless veterans."
"Journal Article"	"L. C. Stansfield; W. I. Gonsalves; F. K. Buadi"	"2015"	"The use of novel agents in multiple myeloma patients with hepatic impairment"	"Future oncology (London, England)"	"11"	"3"	"501-510"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25675129
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4361819/"	"10.2217/fon.14.270"	"hepatic impairment
myeloma
novel agents
Antineoplastic Agents/pharmacology/*therapeutic use
Humans
Immunologic Factors/pharmacology/*therapeutic use
Liver Diseases/*complications
Multiple Myeloma/*complications/*drug therapy/mortality
Proteasome Inhibitors/pharmacology/*therapeutic use
Treatment Outcome"	"Novel drugs such as immunomodulators and proteasome inhibitors have improved the survival of patients with multiple myeloma. Like all therapeutic agents, appropriate dosing based on metabolism and clearance is important to maintain efficacy while avoiding toxicity. Hepatic impairment (HI) in multiple myeloma patients is rare but well described either due to disease or therapy-related factors. However, limited data are available on the appropriate use and dosing of the novel agent therapeutics in myeloma patients with HI. Furthermore, data on HI secondary to the novel agent toxicity are also sparse. This systematic review highlights the evidence on the use of novel agents like thalidomide, lenalidomide, pomalidomide, bortezomib and carfilzomib in patients with HI as well as their associated hepatic toxicities."
"Journal Article"	"J. N. Fishe; R. P. Crowe; R. E. Cash; N. G. Nudell; C. Martin-Gill; C. T. Richards; C. Prehosp Guidelines"	"2018"	"Implementing Prehospital Evidence-Based Guidelines: A Systematic Literature Review"	"Prehospital Emergency Care"	"22"	"4"	"511-519"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000436977600015
https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/10903127.2017.1413466?needAccess=true"	"10.1080/10903127.2017.1413466"	"evidence-based guideline (EBG)
grading of recommendations
assessment
development
and evaluation (GRADE)
implementation
systematic review
emergency medical-services
hospital cardiac-arrest
triage decision
scheme
cardiopulmonary-resuscitation
knowledge translation
stroke
systems
care
survival
statement
barriers
Emergency Medicine
Public, Environmental & Occupational Health"	"Objective: As prehospital research advances, more evidence-based guidelines (EBGs) are implemented into emergency medical services (EMS) practice. However, incomplete or suboptimal prehospital EBG implementation may hinder improvement in patient outcomes. To inform future efforts, this study's objective was to review existing evidence pertaining to prehospital EBG implementation methods. Methods: This study was a systematic literature review and evaluation following the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, and Google Advanced Search were searched without language or publication date filters for articles addressing prehospital EBG implementation. Conference proceedings, textbooks, and non-English articles were excluded. GRADE was applied to the remaining articles independently by three of five study investigators. Study characteristics and salient findings from the included articles are reported. Results: The systematic literature review identified 1,367 articles, with 41 meeting inclusion criteria. Most articles described prehospital EBG implementation (n = 24, 59%), or implementation barriers (n = 13, 32%). Common study designs were statement documents (n = 12, 29%), retrospective cohort studies (n = 12, 29%), and cross-sectional studies (n = 9, 22%). Using GRADE, evidence quality was rated low (n = 18, 44%), or very low (n = 23, 56%). Salient findings from the articles included: (i) EBG adherence and patient outcomes depend upon successful implementation, (ii) published studies generally lack detailed implementation methods, (iii) EBG implementation takes longer than planned (mostly for EMS education), (iv) EMS systems' heterogeneity affects EBG implementation, and (v) multiple barriers limit successful implementation (e.g., financial constraints, equipment purchasing, coordination with hospitals, and regulatory agencies). This review found no direct evidence for best prehospital EBG implementation practices. There were no studies comparing implementation methods or implementation in different prehospital settings (e.g., urban vs. rural, advanced vs. basic life support). Conclusions: While prehospital EBG implementation barriers are well described, there is a paucity of evidence for optimal implementation methods. For scientific advances to reach prehospital patients, EBG development efforts must translate into EMS practice. Future research should consider comparing implementation methodologies in different prehospital settings, with a goal of defining detailed, reproducible best practices."
"Journal Article"	"R. R. Pessoa; R. Autorino; M. P. Laguna; W. R. Molina; D. Gustafson; L. Nogueira; R. D. da Silva; P. N. Werahera; F. J. Kim"	"2017"	"Laparoscopic Versus Percutaneous Cryoablation of Small Renal Mass: Systematic Review and Cumulative Analysis of Comparative Studies"	"Clinical genitourinary cancer"	"15"	"5"	"513-519.e5"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28442227"	"10.1016/j.clgc.2017.02.003"	"*Cryotherapy
*Laparoscopic cryoablation
*Percutaneous cryoablation
*Renal neoplasms
*Small renal mass
Cryosurgery/*methods
Female
Humans
Kidney Neoplasms/*surgery
Laparoscopy/*methods
Length of Stay
Male
Survival Analysis
Treatment Outcome"	"The objective of this study was to compare the surgical, oncological, and functional outcomes of laparoscopic and percutaneous cryoablation for the treatment of small renal masses. A systematic review of the literature was performed through March 2016 using PubMed, Scopus, and Ovid databases. Article selection proceeded according to the search strategy on the basis of the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses criteria. Only studies that compared laparoscopic and percutaneous kidney cryoablation were included in the meta-analysis. Eleven retrospective comparative studies were identified and selected for the analysis, including 1725 cases: 804 (46.6%) percutaneous and 921 (53.4%) laparoscopic cryoablations. Percutaneous cryoablation was performed more frequently for posterior tumors (P < .001), whereas laparoscopy was more common for endophytic lesions (P = .01). The length of follow-up was longer for laparoscopy (P < .001). Percutaneous cryoablation was associated with a significantly shorter hospital stay (P < .001). A lower likelihood of residual disease was recorded for laparoscopic (P = .003), whereas tumor recurrence rate favored percutaneous cryoablation (P = .02). The 2 procedures were similar for recurrence-free survival (P = .08), and overall survival (P = .51). No significant difference was found in postoperative estimated glomerular filtration rate (P = .78). Laparoscopic and percutaneous kidney cryoablation offer similar favorable oncological outcomes with minimal effect on renal function. The percutaneous access can offer shorter hospital stay and faster recovery, which can be appealing in an era of cost restraint."
"Journal Article"	"C. G. Rusthoven; A. K. Liu; M. M. Bui; T. E. Schefter; A. D. Elias; X. Lu; R. J. Gonzalez"	"2014"	"Sarcomas of the aorta: a systematic review and pooled analysis of published reports"	"Annals of vascular surgery"	"28"	"2"	"515-525"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24485779"	"10.1016/j.avsg.2013.07.012"	"Adolescent
Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
*Aorta/pathology/surgery
Child
Child, Preschool
Female
Humans
Kaplan-Meier Estimate
Male
Middle Aged
Multivariate Analysis
Neoplasm Grading
Neoplasm Invasiveness
Proportional Hazards Models
Risk Factors
*Sarcoma/mortality/secondary/therapy
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome
*Vascular Neoplasms/mortality/pathology/therapy
Young Adult"	"BACKGROUND: Aortic sarcomas are rare and aggressive tumors with a propensity for arterial embolization, disseminated metastases, and rapid clinical deterioration. Overall, little is known about the evaluation and management of this disease. METHODS: A systematic review and pooled analysis were performed from a comprehensive search of the MEDLINE database for reports of primary aortic sarcomas published in the English language. RESULTS: One hundred sixty-five cases were analyzed. The median age was 60 years, and the male:female ratio was 1.5:1. High tumor grade (87.3%), arterial embolization (46.7%), and metastatic disease at diagnosis (44.8%) were common. Typical histologies were undifferentiated (39.4%), angiosarcomatous (37%), leiomyosarcomatous (13.3%), and fibroblastic (7.3%). Management was diverse and included combinations of surgical resection (46.7%), palliative vascular surgeries (37.7%), chemotherapy (28.7%), and radiotherapy (14.7%). The median survival was 11 months, and the 1-, 3-, and 5-year survival rates were 46.7%, 17.1%, and 8.8%, respectively. On univariate analyses, metastatic disease at diagnoses, surgical resection, and chemotherapy were associated with survival. On multivariate analysis, only metastatic disease remained significant (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Aortic tumors are devastating malignancies with distinct clinical features from sarcomas at other sites. Although prognosis is poor overall, long-term survivors have been reported, and aggressive management with surgical resection and adjuvant therapy should be considered in medically suitable patients. High embolic rates suggest a potential role for prophylactic anticoagulation."
"Journal Article"	"S. de la Garza; V. Phuoc; S. Throneberry; J. Blumenthal-Barby; L. McCullough; J. Coverdale"	"2017"	"Teaching Medical Ethics in Graduate and Undergraduate Medical Education: A Systematic Review of Effectiveness"	"Academic psychiatry : the journal of the American Association of Directors of Psychiatric Residency Training and the Association for Academic Psychiatry"	"41"	"4"	"520-525"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27644429"	"10.1007/s40596-016-0608-x"	"Medical ethics
Medical student
Resident education
Teaching
Education, Medical, Graduate/*methods
Education, Medical, Undergraduate/*methods
Ethics, Medical/*education
Humans
*Students, Medical"	"OBJECTIVE: One objective was to identify and review studies on teaching medical ethics to psychiatry residents. In order to gain insights from other disciplines that have published research in this area, a second objective was to identify and review studies on teaching medical ethics to residents across all other specialties of training and on teaching medical students. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and PsycINFO were searched for controlled trials on teaching medical ethics with quantitative outcomes. Search terms included ethics, bioethics, medical ethics, medical students, residents/registrars, teaching, education, outcomes, and controlled trials. RESULTS: Nine studies were found that met inclusion criteria, including five randomized controlled trails and four controlled non-randomized trials. Subjects included medical students (5 studies), surgical residents (2 studies), internal medicine house officers (1 study), and family medicine preceptors and their medical students (1 study). Teaching methods, course content, and outcome measures varied considerably across studies. Common methodological issues included a lack of concealment of allocation, a lack of blinding, and generally low numbers of subjects as learners. One randomized controlled trial which taught surgical residents using a standardized patient was judged to be especially methodologically rigorous. CONCLUSIONS: None of the trials incorporated psychiatry residents. Ethics educators should undertake additional rigorously controlled trials in order to secure a strong evidence base for the design of medical ethics curricula. Psychiatry ethics educators can also benefit from the findings of trials in other disciplines and in undergraduate medical education."
"Journal Article"	"M. N. Jeffres; E. A. Hall-Lipsy; S. T. King; J. D. Cleary"	"2018"	"Systematic review of professional liability when prescribing β-lactams for patients with a known penicillin allergy"	"Annals of allergy, asthma & immunology : official publication of the American College of Allergy, Asthma, & Immunology"	"121"	"5"	"530-536"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29551402"	"10.1016/j.anai.2018.03.010"	"Cephalosporins/adverse effects
Drug Hypersensitivity/*etiology
Humans
*Liability, Legal
Malpractice/legislation & jurisprudence/*statistics & numerical data
Penicillins/adverse effects
Physicians/legislation & jurisprudence
United States
beta-Lactams/*adverse effects"	"OBJECTIVE: To describe medical negligence and malpractice cases in which a patient with a known penicillin allergy received a β-lactam and experienced an adverse reaction related to the β-lactam. DATA SOURCES: Lexis-Nexus, Westlaw, and Google Scholar were searched. STUDY SELECTIONS: Medical negligence and malpractice cases were eligible for inclusion if they met the following criteria: the plaintiff had a known penicillin allergy, received a β-lactam, and experienced an adverse event. All United States federal and state cases were eligible. RESULTS: Twenty-seven unique cases met the inclusion criteria. Eighteen cases involved the receipt of a penicillin-based antibiotic; of these cases with a known legal outcome, the plaintiff (patient or representative) prevailed or settled in 3 cases and defendants (providers) prevailed in 7 cases. Seven cases involved the receipt of a cephalosporin; of these cases with a known legal outcome, the plaintiff settled with physicians before trial in 1 case and defendants prevailed in 3 cases. Two cases involved the receipt of a carbapenem. Defendants prevailed in one case and the legal outcome of the other case is unknown. In cases in which the defense successfully moved for summary judgment, judges cited a lack of scientific evidence demonstrating a cephalosporin or carbapenem was contraindicated for a patient with a penicillin allergy. CONCLUSION: The cases with published legal outcomes found limited professional liability for clinicians who prescribed cephalosporins or carbapenems to a patient with a known penicillin allergy. These results may decrease the litigation fears of practitioners and risk managers within health care systems."
"Journal Article"	"A. Noshchenko; L. Hoffecker; E. M. Lindley; E. L. Burger; C. M. Cain; V. V. Patel; A. P. Bradford"	"2015"	"Predictors of spine deformity progression in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: A systematic review with meta-analysis"	"World journal of orthopedics"	"6"	"7"	"537-558"	"Baishideng Publishing Group Inc"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26301183
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4539477/"	"10.5312/wjo.v6.i7.537"	"Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
Orthopedics
Predictors
Scoliosis
Spine deformity"	"AIM: To evaluate published data on the predictors of progressive adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (AIS) in order to evaluate their efficacy and level of evidence. SELECTION CRITERIA: (1) study design: randomized controlled clinical trials, prospective cohort studies and case series, retrospective comparative and none comparative studies; (2) participants: adolescents with AIS aged from 10 to 20 years; and (3) treatment: observation, bracing, and other. SEARCH METHOD: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, PubMed and patent data bases. All years through August 2014 were included. Data were collected that showed an association between the studied characteristics and the progression of AIS or the severity of the spine deformity. Odds ratio (OR), sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values were also collected. A meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the pooled OR and predictive values, if more than 1 study presented a result. The GRADE approach was applied to evaluate the level of evidence. RESULTS: The review included 25 studies. All studies showed statistically significant or borderline association between severity or progression of AIS with the following characteristics: (1) An increase of the Cobb angle or axial rotation during brace treatment; (2) decrease of the rib-vertebral angle at the apical level of the convex side during brace treatment; (3) initial Cobb angle severity (> 25(o)); (4) osteopenia; (5) patient age < 13 years at diagnosis; (6) premenarche status; (7) skeletal immaturity; (8) thoracic deformity; (9) brain stem vestibular dysfunction; and (10) multiple indices combining radiographic, demographic, and physiologic characteristics. Single nucleotide polymorphisms of the following genes: (1) calmodulin 1; (2) estrogen receptor 1; (3) tryptophan hydroxylase 1; (3) insulin-like growth factor 1; (5) neurotrophin 3; (6) interleukin-17 receptor C; (7) melatonin receptor 1B, and (8) ScoliScore test. Other predictors included: (1) impairment of melatonin signaling in osteoblasts and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC); (2) G-protein signaling dysfunction in PBMC; and (3) the level of platelet calmodulin. However, predictive values of all these findings were limited, and the levels of evidence were low. The pooled result of brace treatment outcomes demonstrated that around 27% of patents with AIS experienced exacerbation of the spine deformity during or after brace treatment, and 15% required surgical correction. However, the level of evidence is also low due to the limitations of the included studies. CONCLUSION: This review did not reveal any methods for the prediction of progression in AIS that could be recommended for clinical use as diagnostic criteria."
"Journal Article"	"A. Prete; Q. Yan; K. Al-Tarrah; H. K. Akturk; L. J. Prokop; F. Alahdab; M. A. Foster; J. M. Lord; N. Karavitaki; J. A. Wass; M. H. Murad; W. Arlt; I. Bancos"	"2018"	"The cortisol stress response induced by surgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Clinical endocrinology"	"89"	"5"	"554-567"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30047158
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/cen.13820"	"10.1111/cen.13820"	"*adrenal cortex
*adrenal insufficiency
*cortisol
*hydrocortisone
*pituitary-adrenal system
*stress
*surgery"	"OBJECTIVE: Surgery is a stressor that can be categorized by duration and severity and induces a systemic stress response that includes increased adrenal cortisol production. However, the precise impact of surgical stress on the cortisol response remains to be defined. DESIGN: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the cortisol stress response induced by surgery and to stratify this response according to different parameters. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive search in several databases from 1990 to 2016. Pairs of reviewers independently selected studies, extracted data and evaluated the risk of bias. Cortisol concentrations were standardized, pooled in meta-analysis and plotted over time. RESULTS: We included 71 studies reporting peri-operative serum cortisol measurements in 2953 patients. The cortisol response differed substantially between moderately/highly invasive and minimally invasive surgical procedures. Minimally invasive procedures did not show a peri-operative cortisol peak, whereas more invasive surgeries caused a cortisol surge that was more pronounced in older subjects, women and patients undergoing open surgery and general anaesthesia. The duration of the procedure and the use of etomidate for induction of anaesthesia did not affect the cortisol response. CONCLUSIONS: The peri-operative cortisol stress response is dynamic and influenced by patient-specific, surgical and anaesthetic features. However, the available evidence is derived from highly heterogeneous studies, with only two of 71 studies measuring cortisol by mass spectrometry, which currently prevents a precise and reproducible definition of this response."
"Journal Article"	"E. Blanton; G. Lamvu; I. Patanwala; K. I. Barron; K. Witzeman; F. F. Tu; S. As-Sanie"	"2017"	"Non-opioid pain management in benign minimally invasive hysterectomy: A systematic review"	"American journal of obstetrics and gynecology"	"216"	"6"	"557-567"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28043841"	"10.1016/j.ajog.2016.12.175"	"*gynecological surgery
*hysterectomy
*laparoscopy
*minimally invasive
*non-opioid
*pain management
Acetaminophen/administration & dosage
Analgesics/*therapeutic use
Analgesics, Opioid
Anesthesia, Obstetrical
Anticonvulsants/administration & dosage
Dexamethasone/administration & dosage
Female
Humans
Hysterectomy/*methods
Ketorolac/administration & dosage
Laparoscopy
Minimally Invasive Surgical Procedures/*methods
Pain Management/*methods
Pain, Postoperative/*drug therapy
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Less postoperative pain typically is associated with a minimally invasive hysterectomy compared with a laparotomy approach; however, poor pain control can still be an issue. Multiple guidelines exist for managing postoperative pain, yet most are not specialty-specific and are based on procedures that bear little relevance to a minimally invasive hysterectomy. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether there is enough quality evidence within the benign gynecology literature to make non-opioid pain control recommendations for women who undergo a benign minimally invasive hysterectomy. STUDY APPRAISAL AND SYNTHESIS METHODS: We queried PubMed, ClinicalTrials.gov, and Cochrane databases using MeSH terms: "postoperative pain," "perioperative pain," "postoperative analgesia," "pain management," "pain control," "minimally invasive gynecologic surgery," and "hysterectomy." A manual examination of references from identified studies was also performed. All PubMed published studies that involved minimally invasive hysterectomies through November 9, 2016, were included. This systematic review was conducted according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Studies were restricted to benign minimally invasive hysterectomies evaluating non-opioid pharmacologic therapies. Primary outcomes included amount of postoperative analgesics consumed and postoperative pain scores. Two reviewers independently completed an in-depth evaluation of each study for characteristics and results using an established database, according to inclusion/exclusion criteria. A risk assessment was performed, and a quality rating was assigned with the use of the Cochrane Collaboration's Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach. RESULTS: Initially 1155 studies were identified, and 24 studies met all inclusion criteria. Based on limited data of varying quality, intravenous acetaminophen, anticonvulsants and dexamethasone demonstrate opioid-sparing benefits; ketorolac shows mixed results in laparoscopic hysterectomies. Paracervical blocks provide pain-reducing benefits in vaginal hysterectomies. CONCLUSIONS: Convincing conclusions are difficult to draw because of the heterogeneous and contradictory nature of the literature. There is a clear need for more high-quality research that will evaluate each medication type for posthysterectomy pain control."
"Journal Article"	"K. R. Sepucha; D. D. Matlock; C. E. Wills; M. Ropka; N. Joseph-Williams; D. Stacey; C. Ng; C. Levin; J. Lally; C. M. Borkhoff; R. Thomson"	"2014"	""It's Valid and Reliable" Is Not Enough: Critical Appraisal of Reporting of Measures in Trials Evaluating Patient Decision Aids"	"Medical decision making : an international journal of the Society for Medical Decision Making"	"34"	"5"	"560-566"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24713692
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4190105/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4190105/pdf/nihms571464.pdf"	"10.1177/0272989X14528381"	"*decision aids
*decision making
*psychometrics
Data Accuracy
*Decision Support Techniques
Humans
Patient Participation/*methods
Psychometrics
Reproducibility of Results
Research Design/*standards"	"BACKGROUND: This review systematically appraises the quality of reporting of measures used in trials to evaluate the effectiveness of patient decision aids (PtDAs) and presents recommendations for minimum reporting standards. METHODS: We reviewed measures of decision quality and decision process in 86 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from the 2011 Cochrane Collaboration systematic review of PtDAs. Data on development of the measures, reliability, validity, responsiveness, precision, interpretability, feasibility, and acceptability were independently abstracted by 2 reviewers. RESULTS: Information from 178 instances of use of measures was abstracted. Very few studies reported data on the performance of measures, with reliability (21%) and validity (16%) being the most common. Studies using new measures were less likely to include information about their psychometric performance. The review was limited to reporting of measures in studies included in the Cochrane review and did not consult prior publications. CONCLUSIONS: Very little is reported about the development or performance of measures used to evaluate the effectiveness of PtDAs in published trials. Minimum reporting standards are proposed to enable authors to prepare study reports, editors and reviewers to evaluate submitted papers, and readers to appraise published studies."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Bade; J. M. Kittelson; W. M. Kohrt; J. E. Stevens-Lapsley"	"2014"	"Predicting functional performance and range of motion outcomes after total knee arthroplasty"	"American journal of physical medicine & rehabilitation"	"93"	"7"	"579-585"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24508937
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4350663/"	"10.1097/PHM.0000000000000065"	"Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Arthrometry, Articular
*Arthroplasty, Replacement, Knee/rehabilitation
Exercise Test
Female
Humans
Knee Joint/*physiopathology/surgery
Male
Middle Aged
Osteoarthritis, Knee/physiopathology/surgery
*Patient Outcome Assessment
Postoperative Period
Preoperative Period
Prognosis
Prospective Studies
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Range of Motion, Articular/*physiology"	"OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the predictive value of functional performance and range of motion measures on outcomes after total knee arthroplasty. DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of two pooled prospective randomized controlled trials. Sixty-four subjects (32 men and 32 women) with end-stage knee osteoarthritis scheduled to undergo primary total knee arthroplasty were enrolled. Active knee flexion and extension range of motion, Timed Up and Go (TUG) test time, and 6-min walk test distance were assessed. RESULTS: Preoperative measures of knee flexion and extension were predictive of long-term flexion (β = 0.44, P < 0.001) and extension (β = 0.46, P < 0.001). Acute measures of knee flexion and extension were not predictive of long-term flexion (β = 0.09, P = 0.26) or extension (β = 0.04, P = 0.76). Preoperative TUG performance was predictive of long-term 6-min walk performance (β = -21, P < 0.001). Acute TUG performance was predictive of long-term functional performance on the 6-min walk test, after adjusting for the effects of sex and age (P = 0.02); however, once adjusted for preoperative TUG performance, acute TUG was no longer related to long-term 6-min walk performance (P = 0.65). CONCLUSIONS: Acute postoperative measures of knee range of motion are of limited prognostic value, although preoperative measures have some prognostic value. However, acute measures of functional performance are of useful prognostic value, especially when preoperative functional performance data are unavailable."
"Journal Article"	"K. McCoy; K. Stinson; K. Scott; L. Tenney; L. S. Newman"	"2014"	"Health promotion in small business: a systematic review of factors influencing adoption and effectiveness of worksite wellness programs"	"Journal of occupational and environmental medicine"	"56"	"6"	"579-587"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24905421
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4471849/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4471849/pdf/nihms698665.pdf"	"10.1097/JOM.0000000000000171"	"Health Promotion
Health Services Research
Humans
*Occupational Health Services/organization & administration/statistics & numerical data
Treatment Outcome
Workplace"	"OBJECTIVE: To assess the evidence regarding the adoption and efficacy of worksite health promotion programs (WHPPs) in small businesses. METHODS: Peer-reviewed research articles were identified from a database search. Included articles were published before July 2013, described a study that used an experimental or quasiexperimental design and either assessed adoption of WHPPs or conducted interventions in businesses with fewer than 500 employees. A review team scored the study's rigor using the WHO-adapted GRADEprofiler "quality of evidence" criteria. RESULTS: Of the 84 retrieved articles, 19 met study inclusion criteria. Of these, only two met criteria for high rigor. CONCLUSIONS: Fewer small businesses adopt WHPPs compared with large businesses. Two high-rigor studies found that employees were healthier postintervention. Higher quality research is needed to better understand why small businesses rarely adopt wellness programs and to demonstrate the value of such programs."
"Journal Article"	"D. Bonilla Arcos; J. A. Krishnan; R. W. Vandivier; J. E. Sevransky; W. Checkley; T. H. Kiser; J. L. Sullivan; J. W. Walsh; R. A. Wise; K. C. Wilson"	"2016"	"High-Dose Versus Low-Dose Systemic Steroids in the Treatment of Acute Exacerbations of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Systematic Review"	"Chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (Miami, Fla.)"	"3"	"2"	"580-588"	"COPD Foundation Inc"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28848882
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5559160/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5559160/pdf/JCOPDF-3-580.pdf"	"10.15326/jcopdf.3.2.2015.0178"	"chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
copd
corticosteroids
dose
exacerbation"	"Background: Treatment of an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (AECOPD) with systemic steroids reduces treatment failure, shortens hospital length of stay, improves lung function, and reduces dyspnea. However, it can also cause hyperglycemia, delirium, fluid retention, and other side effects. The balance of these desirable and undesirable effects probably varies according to the steroid dose. Methods: We asked the question, "Should patients having an AECOPD receive low-dose or high-dose systemic steroids?" We searched Medline and the Cochran Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) using a sensitive search strategy built around the medical subject heading, "COPD," and variations of the keywords exacerbation, steroids, and randomized trials. Our search yielded 1702 articles in Medline and 885 articles in CENTRAL; we reviewed the full text of 35 articles and selected 11 studies that met the following conditions: randomized trial, enrolled patients having an AECOPD, compared one systemic steroid regimen to another, measured clinical outcomes, and was published in a peer-reviewed journal. Results: None of the selected trials directly compared the effects of different systemic steroid doses on clinical outcomes in patients with AECOPD. Four trials compared durations of steroid treatment, 3 trials compared types of steroids, 1 trial compared routes of steroid delivery, and 3 trials compared multiple variables. Conclusion: There is a paucity of data to support the selection of a systemic steroid dose in patients having an AECOPD. Randomized trials that measure patient-centered outcomes and compare doses of systemic steroids in patients having an AECOPD are needed."
"Journal Article"	"M. Kodama; A. Moeini; H. Machida; E. A. Blake; B. H. Grubbs; K. Matsuo"	"2016"	"Feto-maternal outcomes of pregnancy complicated by Krukenberg tumor: a systematic review of literature"	"Archives of gynecology and obstetrics"	"294"	"3"	"589-598"		"Germany"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26897498
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs00404-016-4048-3.pdf"	"10.1007/s00404-016-4048-3"	"*Krukenberg tumor
*Ovarian cancer
*Pregnancy
*Review
Adult
Female
Humans
Krukenberg Tumor/*mortality/pathology
Ovarian Neoplasms/*mortality/pathology
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Complications, Neoplastic/*mortality
Pregnancy Outcome
Survival Rate"	"PURPOSE: Krukenberg tumor is a rare type of ovarian cancer with a poor prognosis, and little is known about its behavior during pregnancy. METHODS: A systematic review was conducted to identify pregnancies complicated by Krukenberg tumor, correlated to oncologic and neonatal outcomes (n = 35). RESULTS: Mean age of cases was 30.4 years, and the most common origin of primary cancer was the stomach (68.6 %) followed by the colon (14.3 %). The two most common presenting symptoms were abdominal/pelvic pain (51.4 %) and nausea/vomiting (48.6 %). Two-thirds of tumors were bilateral (65.7 %) and the average size was 16.7 cm. Ascites (45.7 %), carcinomatosis (25.7 %) and non-ovarian distant metastases (14.3 %) were found at the time of surgery. Chemotherapy was administered in 20 cases, with fetal exposure in two of these. The ovarian tumor was identified prior to the primary cancer diagnosis in all 28 cases. The overall number of live births was 27 (81.8 %). The median survival was 6 months after Krukenberg tumor diagnosis. In univariate analysis, decreased overall survival was associated with dyspnea, ascites, carcinomatosis, non-radical surgery for the primary cancer, and residual disease at surgery (all, p < 0.05). On multivariate analysis, dyspnea and carcinomatosis remained independent prognostic factors for decreased overall survival after Krukenberg tumor diagnosis (2-year overall survival rates, dyspnea 0 vs. 56.6 %, adjusted-hazard ratio [HR] 9.74, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 2.04-46.2, p < 0.01; and carcinomatosis, 0 vs. 58.1 %, adjusted-HR 7.95, 95 % CI 1.76-36.0, p < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that prognosis of Krukenberg tumor complicated pregnancies is extremely poor, however it may be improved if radical surgery is achievable."
"Journal Article"	"K. W. Davidson; J. Shaffer; S. Ye; L. Falzon; I. O. Emeruwa; K. Sundquist; I. A. Inneh; S. L. Mascitelli; W. M. Manzano; D. K. Vawdrey; H. H. Ting"	"2017"	"Interventions to improve hospital patient satisfaction with healthcare providers and systems: a systematic review"	"BMJ quality & safety"	"26"	"7"	"596-606"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27488124
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5290224/
https://qualitysafety.bmj.com/content/qhc/26/7/596.full.pdf"	"10.1136/bmjqs-2015-004758"	"Health services research
Healthcare quality improvement
Patient satisfaction
Patient-centred care
Quality improvement
Health Care Surveys/methods/*standards
Health Personnel
Health Services Research/*methods/*standards
Humans
Pain Management
*Patient Satisfaction
Professional-Patient Relations
*Quality of Health Care
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Research Design"	"BACKGROUND: Many hospital systems seek to improve patient satisfaction as assessed by the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS) surveys. A systematic review of the current experimental evidence could inform these efforts and does not yet exist. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of the literature by searching electronic databases, including MEDLINE and EMBASE, the six databases of the Cochrane Library and grey literature databases. We included studies involving hospital patients with interventions targeting at least 1 of the 11 HCAHPS domains, and that met our quality filter score on the 27-item Downs and Black coding scale. We calculated post hoc power when appropriate. RESULTS: A total of 59 studies met inclusion criteria, out of these 44 did not meet the quality filter of 50% (average quality rating 27.8%±10.9%). Of the 15 studies that met the quality filter (average quality rating 67.3%±10.7%), 8 targeted the Communication with Doctors HCAHPS domain, 6 targeted Overall Hospital Rating, 5 targeted Communication with Nurses, 5 targeted Pain Management, 5 targeted Communication about Medicines, 5 targeted Recommend the Hospital, 3 targeted Quietness of the Hospital Environment, 3 targeted Cleanliness of the Hospital Environment and 3 targeted Discharge Information. Significant HCAHPS improvements were reported by eight interventions, but their generalisability may be limited by narrowly focused patient populations, heterogeneity of approach and other methodological concerns. CONCLUSIONS: Although there are a few studies that show some improvement in HCAHPS score through various interventions, we conclude that more rigorous research is needed to identify effective and generalisable interventions to improve patient satisfaction."
"Journal Article"	"R. H. Kaiser; J. R. Andrews-Hanna; T. D. Wager; D. A. Pizzagalli"	"2015"	"Large-Scale Network Dysfunction in Major Depressive Disorder A Meta-analysis of Resting-State Functional Connectivity"	"Jama Psychiatry"	"72"	"6"	"603-611"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000355807400011
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/2203837/yoi150007.pdf"	"10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2015.0071"	"anterior cingulate cortex
prefrontal cortex
cognitive-control
default
mode
human brain
neuroimaging data
mood disorders
naive patients
organization
1st-episode
Psychiatry"	"IMPORTANCE Major depressive disorder (MDD) has been linked to imbalanced communication among large-scale brain networks, as reflected by abnormal resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC). However, given variable methods and results across studies, identifying consistent patterns of network dysfunction in MDD has been elusive. OBJECTIVE To investigate network dysfunction in MDD through a meta-analysis of rsFC studies. DATA SOURCES Seed-based voxelwise rsFC studies comparing individuals with MDD with healthy controls (published before June 30, 2014) were retrieved from electronic databases (PubMed, Web of Science, and EMBASE) and authors contacted for additional data. STUDY SELECTION Twenty-seven seed-based voxel-wise rsFC data sets from 25 publications (556 individuals with MDD and 518 healthy controls) were included in the meta-analysis. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS Coordinates of seed regions of interest and between-group effects were extracted. Seeds were categorized into seed-networks by their location within a priori functional networks. Multilevel kernel density analysis of between-group effects identified brain systems in which MDD was associated with hyperconnectivity (increased positive or reduced negative connectivity) or hypoconnectivity (increased negative or reduced positive connectivity) with each seed-network. RESULTS Major depressive disorder was characterized by hypoconnectivity within the frontoparietal network, a set of regions involved in cognitive control of attention and emotion regulation, and hypoconnectivity between frontoparietal systems and parietal regions of the dorsal attention network involved in attending to the external environment. Major depressive disorder was also associated with hyperconnectivity within the default network, a network believed to support internally oriented and self-referential thought, and hyperconnectivity between frontoparietal control systems and regions of the default network. Finally, the MDD groups exhibited hypoconnectivity between neural systems involved in processing emotion or salience and midline cortical regions that may mediate top-down regulation of such functions. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Reduced connectivity within frontoparietal control systems and imbalanced connectivity between control systems and networks involved in internal or external attention may reflect depressive biases toward internal thoughts at the cost of engaging with the external world. Meanwhile, altered connectivity between neural systems involved in cognitive control and those that support salience or emotion processing may relate to deficits regulating mood. These findings provide an empirical foundation for a neurocognitive model in which network dysfunction underlies core cognitive and affective abnormalities in depression."
"Journal Article"	"R. Freedman; S. K. Hunter; M. C. Hoffman"	"2018"	"Prenatal Primary Prevention of Mental Illness by Micronutrient Supplements in Pregnancy"	"The American journal of psychiatry"	"175"	"7"	"607-619"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29558816"	"10.1176/appi.ajp.2018.17070836"	"*Fetal Development
*Folic Acid
*Nutrition
*Omega-3 Fatty Acids
*Phosphatidylcholine
*Pregnancy
*Schizophrenia
*Vitamin A
*Vitamin D
*Dietary Supplements
Fatty Acids, Omega-3/therapeutic use
Female
Folic Acid/therapeutic use
Humans
Mental Disorders/*prevention & control
Micronutrients/administration & dosage/*therapeutic use
Phosphatidylcholines/therapeutic use
Pregnancy
Prenatal Care/*methods
Primary Prevention/*methods"	"Genes, infection, malnutrition, and other factors affecting fetal brain development are a major component of risk for a child's emotional development and later mental illnesses, including schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and autism. Prenatal interventions to ameliorate that risk have yet to be established for clinical use. A systematic review of prenatal nutrients and childhood emotional development and later mental illness was performed. Randomized trials of folic acid, phosphatidylcholine, and omega-3 fatty acid supplements assess effects of doses beyond those adequate to remedy deficiencies to promote normal fetal development despite genetic and environmental risks. Folic acid to prevent neural tube defects is an example. Vitamins A and D are currently recommended at maximum levels, but women's incomplete compliance permits observational studies of their effects. Folic acid and phosphatidylcholine supplements have shown evidence for improving childhood emotional development associated with later mental illnesses. Vitamins A and D decreased the risk for schizophrenia and autism in retrospective observations. Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation during early pregnancy increased the risk for schizophrenia and increased symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, but in later pregnancy it decreased childhood wheezing and premature birth. Studies are complicated by the length of time between birth and the emergence of mental illnesses like schizophrenia, compared with anomalies like facial clefts identified at birth. As part of comprehensive maternal and fetal care, prenatal nutrient interventions should be further considered as uniquely effective first steps in decreasing risk for future psychiatric and other illnesses in newborn children. [AJP at 175: Remembering Our Past As We Envision Our Future July 1959: Longitudinal Observations of Biological Deviations in a Schizophrenic Infant Barbara Fish described the course of an infant born with fluctuating motor problems who developed schizophrenia. (Am J Psychiatry 1959; 116:25-31 )]."
"Journal Article"	"M. R. Jaff; C. J. White; W. R. Hiatt; G. R. Fowkes; J. Dormandy; M. Razavi; J. Reekers; L. Norgren"	"2015"	"An update on methods for revascularization and expansion of the TASC lesion classification to include below-the-knee arteries: A supplement to the inter-society consensus for the management of peripheral arterial disease (TASC II): The TASC steering committee"	"Catheterization and cardiovascular interventions : official journal of the Society for Cardiac Angiography & Interventions"	"86"	"4"	"611-625"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26256456"	"10.1002/ccd.26122"	"angioplasty
arteries
claudication
critical limb ischemia
occlusion
peripheral artery disease
revascularization
stenosis
stents
surgery
Consensus
Drug-Eluting Stents
Endovascular Procedures/*methods
Female
Femoral Artery/diagnostic imaging
Humans
Intermittent Claudication/diagnosis/therapy
Lower Extremity/blood supply
Male
Observational Studies as Topic
Peripheral Arterial Disease/classification/*diagnostic imaging/physiopathology/*therapy
Popliteal Artery/diagnostic imaging
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
Prognosis
Radiography
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Risk Assessment
Societies, Medical
Treatment Outcome
Vascular Patency/physiology
Vascular Surgical Procedures/*methods"	"The Inter-Society Consensus for the Management of Peripheral Arterial Disease (TASC) guidelines were last updated in 2007 (TASC II) and represented the collaboration of international vascular specialties involved in the management of patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). Since the publication of TASC II, there have been innovations in endovascular revascularization strategies for patients with PAD. The intent of this publication is to provide a complete anatomic lower limb TASC lesion classification, including the infrapopliteal segment, and an updated literature review of new endovascular techniques and practice patterns employed by vascular specialists today."
"Journal Article"	"R. P. Naik; K. Smith-Whitley; K. L. Hassell; N. I. Umeh; M. de Montalembert; P. Sahota; C. Haywood, Jr.; J. Jenkins; M. A. Lloyd-Puryear; C. H. Joiner; V. L. Bonham; G. J. Kato"	"2018"	"Clinical Outcomes Associated With Sickle Cell Trait: A Systematic Review"	"Annals of internal medicine"	"169"	"9"	"619-627"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30383109
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6487193/
https://watermark.silverchair.com/aime201811060-m181161.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAgowggIGBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggH3MIIB8wIBADCCAewGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMv9Ce8f2PAnJKWDYpAgEQgIIBvZ4Tqyo_oiV8_A2-eQLqfzddJifebSeTmF7hWE25Ef1Uaz7zdmuu4sxND0Wtl8uzm01iBCilNf-fASw7JT3TMXv9YtEjl9CfLVpRMqmx62NppDRFVsLGa5T1cleguSQzS1DBFaRHjcOfaw-B2HVH6Q3QlgTWixRijQHP6Lcis6C8vVH2QSmNCuakWywZ29x19wIiMRNl6RZfv-Usl_7slmO13P4mJOYcLnhhgC9lUwEM1Ge-ZxWLPrxPRHibZzJzWyGhEWjZzm4o1gwI0lqiODMhax4GtaCJkepZcgIAibyfos0pJSxnTwM6vb4FQABenQANJHLqCvzciG3XkXY_ToSPwyYaCazWPe6rd9hvki2eLNvTgk4J-xrU1HMrRD7UNFz3vUTl4UElKFHKPv2IvkYuOD9qug4R-nIle0H7P7FJYrjtLPjvwnmvT9tNc3RHQI6c0unKl5gaiiQo2vw6k3SfJELewqRinPvc4J5zfe2LGCi7lm3rOT1dm3pLob7XOvEJrTXzWJKXDljH7iS_JPXpnInZm_X3NlJ8GVbiy8MK0P1iGtDshFiEVlyPkZ9O9pNvwL7vdeiVqdlAMMM"	"10.7326/M18-1161"	"Adult
Body Height
Body Weight
Cardiovascular Diseases/complications
Child
Humans
Postoperative Complications
Proteinuria/complications
Renal Insufficiency, Chronic/complications
Rhabdomyolysis/complications
Risk Factors
Sickle Cell Trait/*complications
Wounds and Injuries/complications"	"BACKGROUND: Although sickle cell trait (SCT) is largely a benign carrier state, it may increase risk for certain clinical outcomes. PURPOSE: To evaluate associations between SCT and clinical outcomes in children and adults. DATA SOURCES: English-language searches of PubMed, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Current Contents Connect, Scopus, and Embase (1 January 1970 to 30 June 2018) and bibliographies of review articles. STUDY SELECTION: Observational controlled studies (published in English) in children or adults that examined an association between SCT and any of 24 clinical outcomes specified a priori in the following 6 categories: exertion-related injury; renal, vascular, pediatric, and surgery- or trauma-related outcomes; and overall mortality. DATA EXTRACTION: A single reviewer extracted study data, which was checked by another; 2 reviewers independently assessed study quality; and strength of evidence was assessed by consensus. DATA SYNTHESIS: Of 7083 screened studies, 41 met inclusion criteria. High-strength evidence supported a positive association between SCT and risk for pulmonary embolism, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease. Moderate-strength evidence supported a positive association between SCT and exertional rhabdomyolysis and a null association between SCT and deep venous thrombosis, heart failure or cardiomyopathy, stroke, and pediatric height or weight. Absolute risks for thromboembolism and rhabdomyolysis were small. For the remaining 15 clinical outcomes, data were insufficient or strength of evidence was low. LIMITATION: Publication bias was possible, and high-quality evidence was scant. CONCLUSION: Sickle cell trait is a risk factor for a few adverse health outcomes, such as pulmonary embolism, kidney disease, and exertional rhabdomyolysis, but does not seem to be associated with such complications as heart failure and stroke. Insufficient data or low-strength evidence exists for most speculated complications of SCT. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: National Human Genome Research Institute."
"Journal Article"	"P. Texakalidis; S. Giannopoulos; A. K. Jonnalagadda; R. V. Chitale; P. Jabbour; E. J. Armstrong; G. G. Schwartz; D. G. Kokkinidis"	"2018"	"Preoperative Use of Statins in Carotid Artery Stenting: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Journal of endovascular therapy : an official journal of the International Society of Endovascular Specialists"	"25"	"5"	"624-631"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30101624"	"10.1177/1526602818794030"	"carotid stent/stenting
internal carotid artery
mortality
myocardial infarction
statins
stenosis
stroke
transient ischemic attack"	"PURPOSE: To determine through meta-analysis whether administration of statins before carotid artery stenting (CAS) is associated with fewer periprocedural adverse events. METHODS: All randomized and observational English-language studies of periprocedural statin administration prior to CAS that reported the outcomes of interest (stroke, transient ischemic attack, myocardial infarction, and death at 30 days) were included in a random-effects meta-analysis. The I(2) statistic was used to assess heterogeneity. Meta-regression analysis was performed to determine whether an association of statin treatment with risk of outcome events was influenced by other trial-level baseline characteristics of statin-treated and untreated patients. RESULTS: Eleven studies comprising 4088 patients were included. Patients who received statins prior to CAS had a significantly lower risk of stroke (OR 0.39, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.58, p<0.01; I(2)=0%) and death (OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.96, p=0.042; I(2)=0%). Statin use was not associated with a reduced risk of transient ischemic attack or myocardial infarction. In meta-regression analysis, other trial-level baseline characteristics had no significant influence on the association of statin treatment with death or stroke. CONCLUSION: Statin therapy prior to CAS is associated with decreased risk of perioperative stroke and death without any effect on the rates of transient ischemic attack or myocardial infarction."
"Journal Article"	"E. M. Abrams; S. J. Szefler; A. B. Becker"	"2016"	"Effect of asthma therapies on the natural course of asthma"	"Annals of allergy, asthma & immunology : official publication of the American College of Allergy, Asthma, & Immunology"	"117"	"6"	"627-633"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28073701"	"10.1016/j.anai.2016.09.438"	"Anti-Asthmatic Agents/administration & dosage/adverse effects/therapeutic use
Asthma/diagnosis/etiology/prevention & control/*therapy
Clinical Trials as Topic
Combined Modality Therapy
Disease Management
Humans
Treatment Outcome"	"OBJECTIVE: To provide an evidence-based review on the role of pharmacologic (inhaled corticosteroids, leukotriene receptor antagonists, biologic therapies, aeroallergen immunotherapy) and nonpharmacologic therapies (environmental modifications, microbiome) in secondary and tertiary asthma prevention. DATA SOURCES: A PubMed search for English-language publications regarding asthma and secondary or tertiary prevention was performed. Some articles cited in selected studies were also considered for inclusion in this review. STUDY SELECTIONS: Studies were included that were original research and specifically addressed the question of asthma prevention and use of pharmacologic or nonpharmacologic therapies. When possible, we selected the articles with the most robust level of evidence. RESULTS: More than 100 articles were initially identified, 79 were reviewed in depth, and 60 were included in this review. Several studies suggest no disease-modifying effect for inhaled corticosteroids. Small studies suggest a tertiary preventive effect for leukotriene receptor antagonists. Biological therapies have somewhat conflicting evidence with a paucity of pediatric data, although some have tremendous promise. A role of allergen immunotherapy (specifically pollen) in secondary asthma prevention has been suggested, with no firm conclusions possible for tertiary prevention. One large trial suggests a role for environmental modifications in secondary asthma prevention, whereas the preponderance of evidence does not suggest a role in tertiary prevention. The microbiome is an active area of research that has promise for a disease-modifying effect. CONCLUSION: Further work needs to be performed to allow physicians to intervene early and alter the natural course of asthma in children."
"Journal Article"	"J. A. Nick; K. Pohl; S. L. Martiniano"	"2016"	"Nontuberculous mycobacterial infections in cystic fibrosis: to treat or not to treat?"	"Current opinion in pulmonary medicine"	"22"	"6"	"629-636"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27583673"	"10.1097/MCP.0000000000000317"	"Coinfection
Cystic Fibrosis/*complications
Disease Progression
Humans
Lung Diseases/*complications/diagnosis
*Mycobacterium Infections, Nontuberculous/complications/diagnosis/drug therapy"	"PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The diagnosis of nontuberculous mycobacteria-pulmonary disease (NTM-PD) in cystic fibrosis (CF) is challenging, as it requires both microbiological and clinical evidence in the setting of coexisting airway infections and progressive lung disease. Although in some individuals NTM can accelerate the progression of CF lung disease, in others NTM may remain indolent for years, or appear transiently in sputum cultures. The dilemma faced by clinicians is to accurately identify those patients who are likely to benefit from therapy, while avoiding unnecessary treatment in those with indolent infection. RECENT FINDINGS: Several recent studies have better defined the characteristics of NTM-PD in the CF population. In addition, consensus recommendations for the evaluation and management of NTM in CF have been published, which reflect the current literature and expert opinion of best practices. SUMMARY: There is currently no marker that is sensitive and specific for the presence of NTM-PD. Instead, the diagnosis in CF requires a systematic review of all aspects of the patients' care. Treatment of identified coinfections and comorbidities must be optimized to accurately assess the clinical impact of the NTM."
"Journal Article"	"D. J. Raiten; A. L. Steiber; S. E. Carlson; I. Griffin; D. Anderson; W. W. Hay, Jr.; S. Robins; J. Neu; M. K. Georgieff; S. Groh-Wargo; T. R. Fenton; B. C. W. G. Pre"	"2016"	"Working group reports: evaluation of the evidence to support practice guidelines for nutritional care of preterm infants-the Pre-B Project"	"The American journal of clinical nutrition"	"103"	"2"	"648S-78S"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26791182
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6459074/"	"10.3945/ajcn.115.117309"	"*enteral nutrition
*growth
*nutrient requirements
*parenteral nutrition
*preterm birth
Biomedical Research/methods/trends
Child Nutrition Sciences/education/methods/trends
Combined Modality Therapy/adverse effects/trends
Congresses as Topic
*Enteral Nutrition/trends
*Evidence-Based Medicine
Growth Disorders/etiology/*prevention & control
Health Priorities
Humans
*Infant Nutritional Physiological Phenomena
Infant, Newborn
Nutritional Requirements
*Parenteral Nutrition/adverse effects/trends
Practice Guidelines as Topic
*Precision Medicine
Premature Birth/diet therapy/physiopathology/*therapy"	"The "Evaluation of the Evidence to Support Practice Guidelines for the Nutritional Care of Preterm Infants: The Pre-B Project" is the first phase in a process to present the current state of knowledge and to support the development of evidence-informed guidance for the nutritional care of preterm and high-risk newborn infants. The future systematic reviews that will ultimately provide the underpinning for guideline development will be conducted by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics' Evidence Analysis Library (EAL). To accomplish the objectives of this first phase, the Pre-B Project organizers established 4 working groups (WGs) to address the following themes: 1) nutrient specifications for preterm infants, 2) clinical and practical issues in enteral feeding of preterm infants, 3) gastrointestinal and surgical issues, and 4) current standards of infant feeding. Each WG was asked to 1) develop a series of topics relevant to their respective themes, 2) identify questions for which there is sufficient evidence to support a systematic review process conducted by the EAL, and 3) develop a research agenda to address priority gaps in our understanding of the role of nutrition in health and development of preterm/neonatal intensive care unit infants. This article is a summary of the reports from the 4 Pre-B WGs."
"Journal Article"	"E. A. Brezinski; J. S. Dhillon; A. W. Armstrong"	"2015"	"Economic Burden of Psoriasis in the United States A Systematic Review"	"Jama Dermatology"	"151"	"6"	"651-658"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000356177700019
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamadermatology/articlepdf/2089061/drv140004.pdf"	"10.1001/jamadermatol.2014.3593"	"quality-of-life
cost-effectiveness
health-care
biologic therapies
plaque psoriasis
moderate
patient
etanercept
arthritis
prevalence
Dermatology"	"IMPORTANCE The total cost of psoriasis in the United States is unknown. Defining the US economic burden of psoriasis is needed because it provides the foundation for research, advocacy, and educational efforts. OBJECTIVE To determine the US economic burden of psoriasis from a societal perspective. EVIDENCE REVIEW PubMed and MEDLINE databases were searched between January 1, 2008, and September 20, 2013, for economic investigations on the direct, indirect, intangible, and comorbidity costs of adult psoriasis in the United States. The base year costs were adjusted to 2013 US dollars using the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers and multiplied by the estimated number of US patients with psoriasis in 2013 to determine the 2013 psoriasis cost burden. FINDINGS Among 100 identified articles, 22 studies were included in the systematic review. The direct psoriasis costs ranged from $51.7 billion to $63.2 billion, the indirect costs ranged from $23.9 billion to $35.4 billion, and medical comorbidities were estimated to contribute $36.4 billion annually in 2013 US dollars. Patients with psoriasis would pay a lifetime cost of $11 498 for relief of physical symptoms and emotional health; however, intangible cost data are limited. The annual US cost of psoriasis amounted to approximately $112 billion in 2013. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE The economic burden of psoriasis is substantial and significant in the United States."
"Journal Article"	"P. D. Varosy; L. Y. Chen; A. L. Miller; P. A. Noseworthy; D. J. Slotwiner; V. Thiruganasambandamoorthy; G. N. Levine; P. T. O'Gara; J. L. Halperin; S. M. Al-Khatib; K. K. Birtcher; B. Bozkurt; R. G. Brindis; J. E. Cigarroa; L. H. Curtis; L. A. Fleisher; F. Gentile; S. Gidding; M. A. Hlatky; J. Ikonomidis; J. Joglar; S. J. Pressler; D. N. Wijeysundera"	"2017"	"Pacing as a Treatment for Reflex-Mediated (Vasovagal, Situational, or Carotid Sinus Hypersensitivity) Syncope: A Systematic Review for the 2017 ACC/AHA/HRS Guideline for the Evaluation and Management of Patients With Syncope A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines and the Heart Rhythm Society"	"Journal of the American College of Cardiology"	"70"	"5"	"664-679"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000406176000015"	"10.1016/j.jacc.2017.03.004"	"ACC/AHA Clinical Practice Guidelines
Evidence Review Committee
pacemaker
pacing
reflex syncope
syncope
syncope-diagnosis
vasovagal
syncope
cardioinhibitory syncope
pacemaker therapy
trial
metaanalyses
multicenter
prevention
blind
vps
Cardiovascular System & Cardiology"	"OBJECTIVES To determine, using systematic review of the biomedical literature, whether pacing reduces risk of recurrent syncope and relevant clinical outcomes among adult patients with reflex-mediated syncope. METHODS MEDLINE (through PubMed), EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (through October 7, 2015) were searched for randomized trials and observational studies examining pacing and syncope, and the bibliographies of known systematic reviews were also examined. Studies were rejected for poor-quality study methods and for the lack of the population, intervention, comparator, or outcome(s) of interest. RESULTS Of 3,188 citations reviewed, 10 studies met the inclusion criteria for systematic review, including a total of 676 patients. These included 9 randomized trials and 1 observational study. Of the 10 studies, 4 addressed patients with carotid sinus hypersensitivity, and the remaining 6 addressed vasovagal syncope. Among the 6 open-label (unblinded) studies, we found that pacing was associated with a 70% reduction in recurrent syncope (relative risk [RR]: 0.30; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.15- 0.60). When the 2 analyzable studies with double-blinded methodology were considered separately, there was no clear benefit (RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.25- 2.1), but confidence intervals were wide. The strongest evidence was from the randomized, double-blinded ISSUE- 3 (Third International Study on Syncope of Uncertain Etiology) trial, which demonstrated a benefit of pacing among patients with recurrent syncope and asystole documented by implantable loop recorder. CONCLUSIONS There are limited data with substantive evidence of outcome ascertainment bias, and only 2 studies with a double-blinded study design have been conducted. The evidence does not support the use of pacing for reflex-mediated syncope beyond patients with recurrent vasovagal syncope and asystole documented by implantable loop recorder."
"Journal Article"	"D. E. Magouliotis; V. S. Tasiopoulou; A. A. Svokos; K. A. Svokos; E. Sioka; D. Zacharoulis"	"2018"	"Single Incision Versus Conventional Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy for Morbid Obesity: A Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of Laparoendoscopic & Advanced Surgical Techniques"	"28"	"6"	"690-699"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000424079300001"	"10.1089/lap.2017.0245"	"SILSG
LSG
single-incision sleeve gastrectomy
laparoscopic sleeve
gastrectomy
sleeve gastrectomy
obesity
bariatric surgery
improved cosmesis
cholecystectomy
Surgery"	"Introduction: The purpose of this study was to review the existing evidence on obese patients treated with single-incision laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (SILSG) or conventional laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG), to compare the perioperative parameters and outcomes of the two bariatric procedures. Materials and Methods: A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane library, in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines. Seventeen articles met the inclusion criteria and incorporated 3843 patients. Results: This study reveals comparable mean operative time, length of hospital stay, and complications between the two approaches. The SILSG approach was associated with enhanced cosmetic results, but increased incisional hernia rate. Conclusions: These outcomes should be treated with caution given the small number of included comparative studies. Well-designed, randomized controlled studies, comparing LSG to SILSG, are necessary to assess further their clinical outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"U. H. Mitchell; K. Helgeson; P. Mintken"	"2017"	"Physiological effects of physical therapy interventions on lumbar intervertebral discs: A systematic review"	"Physiotherapy theory and practice"	"33"	"9"	"695-705"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28715273"	"10.1080/09593985.2017.1345026"	"IVD
lumbar traction
manual therapy
Animals
Humans
Intervertebral Disc/*physiology
Intervertebral Disc Displacement/*therapy
Lumbar Vertebrae/*physiology
*Musculoskeletal Manipulations
*Traction"	"BACKGROUND CONTEXT: The use of physical therapy has been recommended in the treatment of low back pain based on primarily mechanical and neurophysiological effects. Recent studies have measured the physiological effects of physical therapy interventions, including manual therapy and traction, on the intervertebral discs (IVD), and these findings may have implications for the long-term management or even prevention of low back pain. PURPOSE: The objective of this systematic review is to investigate the literature regarding possible physiological effects of physical therapy interventions on the intervertebral disc (IVD). STUDY DESIGN: Systematic Review. METHODS: A literature search of published articles through December 2014 resulted in the retrieval of 8 clinical studies assessing the influence of physical therapy interventions on the physiology of the IVD. RESULTS: Three studies, including two using animal models, investigated the effects of 30-minute intermittent traction on disc height. One in vivo animal study and two studies using human subjects assessed changes of disc height associated with static traction. Three studies investigated the effects of lumbar spine manipulation and mobilization on changes in water diffusion within the IVD. All studies confirmed, either directly or indirectly, that their respective intervention influenced disc physiology primarily through water flow. CONCLUSION: Physical therapy interventions may have an effect on the physiology of the IVD, primarily through water diffusion and molecular transport, which are important for the health of the IVD."
"Journal Article"	"K. J. Neufeld; J. Yue; T. N. Robinson; S. K. Inouye; D. M. Needham"	"2016"	"Antipsychotic Medication for Prevention and Treatment of Delirium in Hospitalized Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of the American Geriatrics Society"	"64"	"4"	"705-714"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27004732
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4840067/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4840067/pdf/nihms750834.pdf"	"10.1111/jgs.14076"	"adult
delirium
pharmacological prevention
pharmacological treatment
Antipsychotic Agents/*therapeutic use
Delirium/*drug therapy/prevention & control
*Hospitalization
Humans"	"OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effectiveness of antipsychotic medications in preventing and treating delirium. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. SETTING: PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched from January 1, 1988, to November 26, 2013. PARTICIPANTS: Adult surgical and medical inpatients. INTERVENTION: Antipsychotic administration for delirium prevention or treatment in randomized controlled trials or cohort studies. MEASUREMENTS: Two authors independently reviewed all citations, extracted relevant data, and assessed studies for potential bias. Heterogeneity was considered as chi-square P < .1 or I(2) > 50%. Using a random-effects model (I(2) > 50%) or a fixed-effects model (I(2) < 50%), odds ratios (ORs) were calculated for dichotomous outcomes (delirium incidence and mortality), and mean or standardized mean difference for continuous outcomes (delirium duration, severity, hospital and intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay (LOS)). Sensitivity analyses included postoperative prevention studies only, exclusion of studies with high risk of bias, and typical versus atypical antipsychotics. RESULTS: Screening of 10,877 eligible records identified 19 studies. In seven studies comparing antipsychotics with placebo or no treatment for delirium prevention after surgery, there was no significant effect on delirium incidence (OR = 0.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.23-1.34, I(2) = 93%). Using data reported from all 19 studies, antipsychotic use was not associated with change in delirium duration, severity, or hospital or ICU LOS, with high heterogeneity among studies. No association with mortality was detected (OR = 0.90, 95% CI = 0.62-1.29, I(2) = 0%). CONCLUSION: Current evidence does not support the use of antipsychotics for prevention or treatment of delirium. Additional methodologically rigorous studies using standardized outcome measures are needed."
"Journal Article"	"C. P. McFarland; S. E. Lind"	"2018"	"Thrombin Generation Biomarkers Decline With Parenteral Anticoagulation-An Overlooked Means of Anticoagulation Monitoring?"	"Clinical and applied thrombosis/hemostasis : official journal of the International Academy of Clinical and Applied Thrombosis/Hemostasis"	"24"	"5"	"708-717"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29439639
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6714868/"	"10.1177/1076029617746506"	"D-dimer antigen
F1+2 antigen
T-AT complexes
anticoagulation
coagulation monitoring
Anticoagulants/*administration & dosage
Biomarkers/blood
Drug Monitoring/*methods
Humans
*Infusions, Parenteral
Thrombin/*biosynthesis"	"Anticoagulation therapy is administered to patients to prevent or stop thrombin generation in vivo. Although plasma tests of in vivo thrombin generation have been available for more than 2 decades, they are not routinely used in clinical trials or practice to monitor anticoagulation therapy. We observed a fall in one such marker, the D-dimer antigen, in patients receiving anticoagulation therapy. We therefore conducted a systematic review of the medical literature to document the change in serum biomarkers of thrombin generation following the initiation of anticoagulation therapy. Using a defined search strategy, we screened PubMed and Embase citations and identified full-length articles published in English. Eighteen articles containing serial changes in 1 of 3 markers of thrombin generation (D-dimer antigen, thrombin-antithrombin complexes, and prothrombin fragment 1+2 antigen levels) in the 14 days following the initiation of anticoagulation were identified. Even though the assays used varied considerably, each of the 3 markers of thrombin generation declined in the initial period of anticoagulation therapy, with changes evident as early as 1 day after beginning therapy. These observations provide a rationale for further exploration of these markers as measures of the adequacy of anticoagulation using classic as well as novel anticoagulants. Particular patient groups that would benefit from additional means of monitoring anticoagulation therapy are discussed."
"Journal Article"	"J. A. Nieuwsma; J. W. Williams; N. Namdari; J. B. Washam; G. Raitz; J. A. Blumenthal; W. Jiang; R. Yapa; A. J. McBroom; K. Lallinger; R. Schmidt; A. S. Kosinski; G. D. Sanders"	"2017"	"Diagnostic Accuracy of Screening Tests and Treatment for Post-Acute Coronary Syndrome Depression A Systematic Review"	"Annals of Internal Medicine"	"167"	"10"	"725-+"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000416584200016
https://watermark.silverchair.com/aime201711210-m171811.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAgowggIGBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggH3MIIB8wIBADCCAewGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMgypnjUpZmn5bS515AgEQgIIBvQA1Knf2WNkTuHEtkKlSoOxAORGMfElS15XCLyWTDujs98uIDKHD43reJxXzZN5Wz4Fk54h29DM9VmC0sfTslSyxuLuRky_tH7CH7DOI75mZ5VxYFaEgRdWhhGCGw0BbR2vH23yPBEPXXwoVYsyIyNgdKD5cNduQ78n6bzrUMh66EBKVNBEjxzyskFDlVyNnBYQ8vUn5mwy574XiSdMhIl8u7nEr23GMZjIxtps5q67YbgNkcDU4l14cGNHKwmRo2mMVVjBuxwD0Yj7ln3_HZGiixwJNigrkZH9bCvDBflRJ3VKZEIzfnq5X9a7qB0_WwuZ05wZ5pkx8uMVwcAHp-fbp0wX6AN5hNxdsLAJic4RqJjlklXzozj8q416vWCOjQswnDTT78ER4TjeO0LKgp4BleF3-JL-YcAahGLFC9nipWbJhLnq1YjO8I-GYR70MBY50yPXYnrnmy11vWqnbMAeEV2_Zsf4cafitdAQ-IWfsWW1u9yEJ63cX1r4wcXZXGgg2KqWoYznfHsurrxmhjMsLTvElrTSPknvXvZDtJYJFlQdDqcELMNGdI2fKSiCoggeuRNSQimuiOGpDXDw"	"10.7326/m17-1811"	"randomized-controlled-trial
acute myocardial-infarction
american-heart-association
enhancing recovery
clinical-trial
disease
patients
artery-disease
social support
cardiac events
inventory-ii
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background: Patients who have had an acute coronary syndrome (ACS) event have an increased risk for depression. Purpose: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of depression screening instruments and to compare safety and effectiveness of depression treatments in adults within 3 months of an ACS event. Data Sources: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from January 2003 to August 2017, and a manual search of citations from key primary and review articles. Study Selection: English-language studies of post-ACS patients that evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of depression screening tools or compared the safety and effectiveness of a broad range of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic depression treatments. Data Extraction: 2 investigators independently screened each article for inclusion; abstracted the data; and rated the quality, applicability, and strength of evidence. Data Synthesis: Evidence from 6 of the 10 included studies showed that a range of depression screening instruments pro-duces acceptable levels of diagnostic sensitivity, specificity, and negative predictive values (70% to 100%) but low positive predictive values (below 50%). The Beck Depression Inventory-II was the most studied tool. A large study found that a combination of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and antidepressant medication improved depression symptoms, mental health-related function, and overall life satisfaction more than usual care. Limitation: Few studies, no evaluation of the influence of screening on clinical outcomes, and no studies addressing several clinical interventions of interest. Conclusion: Depression screening instruments produce diagnostic accuracy metrics that are similar in post-ACS patients and other clinical populations. Depression interventions have an uncertain effect on cardiovascular outcomes, but CBT combined with antidepressant medication produces modest improvement in psychosocial outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"J. H. Holmes; T. E. Elliott; J. S. Brown; M. A. Raebel; A. Davidson; A. F. Nelson; A. Chung; P. La Chance; J. F. Steiner"	"2014"	"Clinical research data warehouse governance for distributed research networks in the USA: a systematic review of the literature"	"Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association : JAMIA"	"21"	"4"	"730-736"	"BMJ Publishing Group"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24682495
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4078282/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4078282/pdf/amiajnl-2013-002370.pdf"	"10.1136/amiajnl-2013-002370"	"Clinical research
Data governance
Data privacy
Data warehouse
Research networks
Biomedical Research/*organization & administration
Computer Communication Networks/*organization & administration
Computer Security
Confidentiality
Databases as Topic/*organization & administration
Privacy
United States"	"OBJECTIVE: To review the published, peer-reviewed literature on clinical research data warehouse governance in distributed research networks (DRNs). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Medline, PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and INSPEC were searched for relevant documents published through July 31, 2013 using a systematic approach. Only documents relating to DRNs in the USA were included. Documents were analyzed using a classification framework consisting of 10 facets to identify themes. RESULTS: 6641 documents were retrieved. After screening for duplicates and relevance, 38 were included in the final review. A peer-reviewed literature on data warehouse governance is emerging, but is still sparse. Peer-reviewed publications on UK research network governance were more prevalent, although not reviewed for this analysis. All 10 classification facets were used, with some documents falling into two or more classifications. No document addressed costs associated with governance. DISCUSSION: Even though DRNs are emerging as vehicles for research and public health surveillance, understanding of DRN data governance policies and procedures is limited. This is expected to change as more DRN projects disseminate their governance approaches as publicly available toolkits and peer-reviewed publications. CONCLUSIONS: While peer-reviewed, US-based DRN data warehouse governance publications have increased, DRN developers and administrators are encouraged to publish information about these programs."
"Journal Article"	"J. A. Shaffer; I. M. Kronish; L. Falzon; Y. K. Cheung; K. W. Davidson"	"2018"	"N-of-1 Randomized Intervention Trials in Health Psychology: A Systematic Review and Methodology Critique"	"Annals of behavioral medicine : a publication of the Society of Behavioral Medicine"	"52"	"9"	"731-742"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30124759
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6128372/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6128372/pdf/kax026.pdf"	"10.1093/abm/kax026"		"BACKGROUND: Single-patient, multiple cross-over designs (N-of-1 or single-case randomized clinical trials) with systematic data collection on treatment effects may be useful for increasing the precision of treatments in health psychology. PURPOSES: To assess the quality of the methods and statistics, describe interventions and outcomes, and explore the heterogeneity of treatment effect of health psychology N-of-1 trials. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of N-of-1 trials from electronic database inception through June 1, 2015. Potentially relevant articles were identified by searching the biomedical electronic databases Ovid, MEDLINE, EMBASE, all six databases in the Cochrane Library, CINAHL, and PsycINFO, and conference proceedings, dissertations, ongoing studies, Open Grey, and the New York Academy's Grey Literature Report. Studies were included if they had health behavior or psychological outcomes and the order of interventions was randomized. We abstracted study characteristics and analytic methods and used the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials extension for reporting N-of-1 trials as a quality checklist. RESULTS: Fifty-four N-of-1 trial publications composed of 1,193 participants were included. Less than half of these (36%) reported adequate information to calculate the heterogeneity of treatment effect. Nearly all (90%) provided some quantitative information to determine the superior treatment; 79% used an a priori statistical cutoff, 12% used a graph, and 10% used a combination. CONCLUSIONS: N-of-1 randomized trials could be the next major advance in health psychology for precision therapeutics. However, they must be conducted with more methodologic and statistical rigor and must be transparently and fully reported."
"Journal Article"	"C. G. Velopulos; H. M. Shihab; L. Lottenberg; M. Feinman; A. Raja; J. Salomone; E. R. Haut"	"2018"	"Prehospital spine immobilization/spinal motion restriction in penetrating trauma: A practice management guideline from the Eastern Association for the Surgery of Trauma (EAST)"	"The journal of trauma and acute care surgery"	"84"	"5"	"736-744"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29283970"	"10.1097/TA.0000000000001764"	"Emergency Medical Services/*standards
Humans
Immobilization/*standards
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
*Societies, Medical
Spinal Injuries/*therapy
*Traumatology
United States
Wounds, Penetrating/*therapy"	"BACKGROUND: Spine immobilization in trauma has remained an integral part of most emergency medical services protocols despite a lack of evidence for efficacy and concern for associated complications, especially in penetrating trauma patients. We reviewed the published evidence on the topic of prehospital spine immobilization or spinal motion restriction in adult patients with penetrating trauma to structure a practice management guideline. METHODS: We conducted a Cochrane style systematic review and meta-analysis and applied Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation methodology to construct recommendations. Qualitative and quantitative analyses were used to evaluate the literature on the critical outcomes of mortality, neurologic deficit, and potentially reversible neurologic deficit. RESULTS: A total of 24 studies met inclusion criteria, with qualitative review conducted for all studies. We used five studies for the quantitative review (meta-analysis). No study showed benefit to spine immobilization with regard to mortality and neurologic injury, even for patients with direct neck injury. Increased mortality was associated with spine immobilization, with risk ratio [RR], 2.4 (confidence interval [CI], 1.07-5.41). The rate of neurologic injury or potentially reversible injury was very low, ranging from 0.002 to 0.076 and 0.00034 to 0.055, with no statistically significant difference for neurologic deficit or potentially reversible deficit, RR, 4.16 (CI, 0.56-30.89), and RR, 1.19 (CI, 0.83-1.70), although the point estimates favored no immobilization. CONCLUSION: Spine immobilization in penetrating trauma is associated with increased mortality and has not been shown to have a beneficial effect on mitigating neurologic deficits, even potentially reversible neurologic deficits. We recommend that spine immobilization not be used routinely for adult patients with penetrating trauma. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Systematic review with meta-analysis study, level III."
"Journal Article"	"L. A. Beveridge; A. D. Struthers; F. Khan; R. Jorde; R. Scragg; H. M. Macdonald; J. A. Alvarez; R. S. Boxer; A. Dalbeni; A. D. Gepner; N. M. Isbel; T. Larsen; J. Nagpal; W. G. Petchey; H. Stricker; F. Strobel; V. Tangpricha; L. Toxqui; M. P. Vaquero; L. Wamberg; A. Zittermann; M. D. Witham; D. P. Collaboration"	"2015"	"Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Blood Pressure: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis Incorporating Individual Patient Data"	"JAMA internal medicine"	"175"	"5"	"745-754"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25775274
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5966296/
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamainternalmedicine/articlepdf/2195120/ioi150010.pdf"	"10.1001/jamainternmed.2015.0237"	"Biological Availability
Blood Pressure/*drug effects
Humans
Hypertension/*drug therapy
Treatment Failure
Vitamin D/administration & dosage/*analogs & derivatives/pharmacokinetics
Vitamins/administration & dosage/pharmacokinetics"	"IMPORTANCE: Low levels of vitamin D are associated with elevated blood pressure (BP) and future cardiovascular events. Whether vitamin D supplementation reduces BP and which patient characteristics predict a response remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To systematically review whether supplementation with vitamin D or its analogues reduce BP. DATA SOURCES: We searched MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and http://www.ClinicalTrials.com augmented by a hand search of references from the included articles and previous reviews. Google was searched for gray literature (ie, material not published in recognized scientific journals). No language restrictions were applied. The search period spanned January 1, 1966, through March 31, 2014. STUDY SELECTION: We included randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials that used vitamin D supplementation for a minimum of 4 weeks for any indication and reported BP data. Studies were included if they used active or inactive forms of vitamin D or vitamin D analogues. Cointerventions were permitted if identical in all treatment arms. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: We extracted data on baseline demographics, 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, systolic and diastolic BP (SBP and DBP), and change in BP from baseline to the final follow-up. Individual patient data on age, sex, medication use, diabetes mellitus, baseline and follow-up BP, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were requested from the authors of the included studies. For trial-level data, between-group differences in BP change were combined in a random-effects model. For individual patient data, between-group differences in BP at the final follow up, adjusted for baseline BP, were calculated before combining in a random-effects model. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Difference in SBP and DBP measured in an office setting. RESULTS: We included 46 trials (4541 participants) in the trial-level meta-analysis. Individual patient data were obtained for 27 trials (3092 participants). At the trial level, no effect of vitamin D supplementation was seen on SBP (effect size, 0.0 [95% CI, -0.8 to 0.8] mm Hg; P=.97; I2=21%) or DBP (effect size, -0.1 [95% CI, -0.6 to 0.5] mm Hg; P=.84; I2=20%). Similar results were found analyzing individual patient data for SBP (effect size, -0.5 [95% CI, -1.3 to 0.4] mm Hg; P=.27; I2=0%) and DBP (effect size, 0.2 [95% CI, -0.3 to 0.7] mm Hg; P=.38; I2=0%). Subgroup analysis did not reveal any baseline factor predictive of a better response to therapy. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Vitamin D supplementation is ineffective as an agent for lowering BP and thus should not be used as an antihypertensive agent."
"Journal Article"	"K. A. Luoma; I. M. Leavitt; J. C. Marrs; A. L. Nederveld; J. G. Regensteiner; A. L. Dunn; R. E. Glasgow; A. G. Huebschmann"	"2017"	"How can clinical practices pragmatically increase physical activity for patients with type 2 diabetes? A systematic review"	"Translational behavioral medicine"	"7"	"4"	"751-772"	"Springer US"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28589531
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5684078/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5684078/pdf/13142_2017_Article_502.pdf"	"10.1007/s13142-017-0502-4"	"*Diabetes
*Dissemination
*Implementation science
*PRECIS-2
*Physical activity
*Pragmatic
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2/*rehabilitation
*Exercise
*Health Promotion
Humans
Pragmatic Clinical Trials as Topic"	"Although regular physical activity (PA) is a cornerstone of treatment for type 2 diabetes (T2D), most adults with T2D are sedentary. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have proven the effectiveness of PA behavioral interventions for adults with T2D but have rarely been conducted in healthcare settings. We sought to identify PA interventions that are effective and practical to implement in clinical practice settings. Our first aim was to use the valid Pragmatic-Explanatory Continuum Indicator Summary 2 (PRECIS-2) tool to assess the potential for future implementation of PA interventions in clinical practice settings. Our second aim was to identify interventions that effectively increased PA and glycemic control among the interventions in the top tertile of PRECIS-2 scores. We searched PubMed MEDLINE from January 1980 through May 2015 for RCTs of behavioral PA interventions coordinated by clinical practices for patients with T2D. Dual investigators assessed pragmatism by PRECIS-2 scores, and study effectiveness was extracted from original RCT publications. The PRECIS-2 scores of the 46 behavioral interventions (n = 13,575 participants) ranged from 3.0 to 4.8, where 5 is the most pragmatic score. In the most pragmatic tertile of interventions (n = 16) by PRECIS-2 scores, 30.8 and 31.3% of interventions improved PA outcomes and hemoglobin A1c, respectively. A minority of published evidence-based PA interventions for adults with T2D were both effective and pragmatic for clinical implementation. These should be tested for dissemination using implementation trial designs."
"Journal Article"	"A. Rughani; J. M. Schwalb; C. Sidiropoulos; J. Pilitsis; A. Ramirez-Zamora; J. A. Sweet; S. Mittal; A. J. Espay; J. G. Martinez; A. Abosch; E. Eskandar; R. Gross; R. Alterman; C. Hamani"	"2018"	"Congress of Neurological Surgeons Systematic Review and Evidence-Based Guideline on Subthalamic Nucleus and Globus Pallidus Internus Deep Brain Stimulation for the Treatment of Patients With Parkinson's Disease: Executive Summary"	"Neurosurgery"	"82"	"6"	"753-756"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29538685
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6636249/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6636249/pdf/nyy037.pdf"	"10.1093/neuros/nyy037"	"Deep Brain Stimulation/*methods
*Globus Pallidus
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Parkinson Disease/*therapy
*Subthalamic Nucleus
Treatment Outcome"	"QUESTION 1: Is bilateral subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation (STN DBS) more, less, or as effective as bilateral globus pallidus internus deep brain stimulation (GPi DBS) in treating motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as measured by improvements in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale, part III (UPDRS-III) scores? RECOMMENDATION: Given that bilateral STN DBS is at least as effective as bilateral GPi DBS in treating motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease (as measured by improvements in UPDRS-III scores), consideration can be given to the selection of either target in patients undergoing surgery to treat motor symptoms. (Level I). QUESTION 2: Is bilateral STN DBS more, less, or as effective as bilateral GPi DBS in allowing reduction of dopaminergic medication in Parkinson's disease? RECOMMENDATION: When the main goal of surgery is reduction of dopaminergic medications in a patient with Parkinson's disease, then bilateral STN DBS should be performed instead of GPi DBS. (Level I). QUESTION 3: Is bilateral STN DBS more, less, or as effective as bilateral GPi DBS in treating dyskinesias associated with Parkinson's disease? RECOMMENDATION: There is insufficient evidence to make a generalizable recommendation regarding the target selection for reduction of dyskinesias. However, when the reduction of medication is not anticipated and there is a goal to reduce the severity of "on" medication dyskinesias, the GPi should be targeted. (Level I). QUESTION 4: Is bilateral STN DBS more, less, or as effective as bilateral GPi DBS in improving quality of life measures in Parkinson's disease? RECOMMENDATION: When considering improvements in quality of life in a patient undergoing DBS for Parkinson's disease, there is no basis to recommend bilateral DBS in 1 target over the other. (Level I). QUESTION 5: Is bilateral STN DBS associated with greater, lesser, or a similar impact on neurocognitive function than bilateral GPi DBS in Parkinson disease? RECOMMENDATION: If there is significant concern about cognitive decline, particularly in regards to processing speed and working memory in a patient undergoing DBS, then the clinician should consider using GPi DBS rather than STN DBS, while taking into consideration other goals of surgery. (Level I). QUESTION 6: Is bilateral STN DBS associated with a higher, lower, or similar risk of mood disturbance than GPi DBS in Parkinson's disease? RECOMMENDATION: If there is significant concern about the risk of depression in a patient undergoing DBS, then the clinician should consider using pallidal rather than STN stimulation, while taking into consideration other goals of surgery. (Level I). QUESTION 7: Is bilateral STN DBS associated with a higher, lower, or similar risk of adverse events compared to GPi DBS in Parkinson's disease? RECOMMENDATION: There is insufficient evidence to recommend bilateral DBS in 1 target over the other in order to minimize the risk of surgical adverse events.  The full guideline can be found at: https://www.cns.org/guidelines/deep-brain-stimulation-parkinsons-disease."
"Journal Article"	"B. C. Chapman; H. B. Moore; D. M. Overbey; A. P. Morton; B. Harnke; M. E. Gerich; J. D. Vogel"	"2016"	"Fecal microbiota transplant in patients with Clostridium difficile infection: A systematic review"	"The journal of trauma and acute care surgery"	"81"	"4"	"756-764"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27648772"	"10.1097/TA.0000000000001195"	"Clostridium Infections/*therapy
*Clostridium difficile
*Fecal Microbiota Transplantation
Humans"	"BACKGROUND: Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) restores a diverse bacterial profile to the gastrointestinal tract and may effectively treat patients with Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). The objective of this systematic review was to evaluate the effectiveness of FMT in the treatment of CDI. METHODS: Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Cochrane database were used. The authors searched studies with 10 or more patients examining the resolution of symptoms after FMT in patients with CDI. Reviews, letters to the editors, and abstracts were excluded. Participants were patients with CDI. Intervention used was FMT. Quality assessment was performed using the Cochrane risk of bias assessment tool. Results were synthesized using a narrative approach. RESULTS: Retrospective and uncontrolled prospective cohort studies suggest that FMT is a highly effective therapy for recurrent/refractory CDI, with clinical success rates ranging from 83% to 100%, which is similar to rates published by two randomized controlled trials. Fecal microbiota transplantation may be effectively administered via antegrade (upper gastrointestinal) or retrograde (lower gastrointestinal) routes of delivery. Fecal microbiota transplantation rarely results in major adverse events. However, diarrhea, cramping, and bloating commonly occur and are typically self-limited. Most studies were uncontrolled retrospective studies. CONCLUSION: Fecal microbiota transplantation should be considered in patients with recurrent episodes of mild to moderate CDI who have failed conventional antimicrobial therapy. There is insufficient evidence to recommend FMT for the treatment of severe CDI. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Systematic review, level III."
"Journal Article"	"T. Nizamic; M. H. Murad; L. A. Allen; C. K. McIlvennan; S. E. Wordingham; D. D. Matlock; S. M. Dunlay"	"2018"	"Ambulatory Inotrope Infusions in Advanced Heart Failure: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"JACC. Heart failure"	"6"	"9"	"757-767"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30007556
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6119101/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6119101/pdf/nihms958908.pdf"	"10.1016/j.jchf.2018.03.019"	"*death
*hospitalization
*palliative care
*risk
*transplant"	"OBJECTIVES: This study sought to systematically review the available evidence of risks and benefits of ambulatory intravenous inotrope therapy in advanced heart failure (HF). BACKGROUND: Ambulatory inotrope infusions are sometimes offered to patients with advanced Stage D HF; however, an understanding of the relative risks and benefits is lacking. METHODS: On August 7, 2016, we searched SCOPUS, Web of Science, Ovid EMBASE, and Ovid MEDLINE for studies of long-term use of intravenous inotropes in outpatients with advanced HF. Meta-analysis was performed using random effects models. RESULTS: A total of 66 studies (13 randomized controlled trials and 53 observational studies) met inclusion criteria. Most studies were small and at high risk for bias. Pooled rates of death (41 studies), all-cause hospitalization (15 studies), central line infection (13 studies), and implantable cardioverter-defibrillator shocks (3 studies) of inotropes were 4.2, 22.2, 3.6, and 2.4 per 100 person-months follow-up, respectively. Improvement in New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class was greater in patients taking inotropes than in controls (mean difference of 0.60 NYHA functional classes; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.22 to 0.98; p = 0.001; 5 trials). There was no significant difference in mortality risk in those taking inotropes compared with controls (pooled risk ratio: 0.68; 95% CI: 0.40 to 1.17; p = 0.16; 9 trials). Data were too limited to pool for other outcomes or to stratify by indication (i.e., bridge-to-transplant or palliative). CONCLUSIONS: High-quality evidence for the risks and benefits of ambulatory inotrope infusions in advanced HF is limited, particularly when used for palliation. Available data suggest that inotrope therapy improves NYHA functional class and does not impact survival."
"Journal Article"	"L. M. Zukin; E. M. Hink; S. Liao; A. E. Getz; T. T. Kingdom; V. R. Ramakrishnan"	"2017"	"Endoscopic Management of Paranasal Sinus Mucoceles: Meta-analysis of Visual Outcomes"	"Otolaryngology--head and neck surgery : official journal of American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery"	"157"	"5"	"760-766"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28695766
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5665697/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5665697/pdf/nihms893217.pdf"	"10.1177/0194599817717674"	"*ESS
*FESS
*blindness
*endoscopic sinus surgery
*mucocele
*orbital complication
*vision loss
Decompression, Surgical
*Endoscopy
Humans
Mucocele/*complications/*surgery
Paranasal Sinus Diseases/*complications/*surgery
Vision Disorders/*etiology/*surgery
Visual Acuity"	"Objective Paranasal sinus mucoceles are benign cystic lesions originating from sinus mucosa that can impinge on adjacent orbital structures, causing ophthalmic sequelae such as decreased visual acuity. Definitive treatment requires surgery. We present the first meta-analysis quantifying the effect of preoperative visual function and time to surgery on postoperative visual acuity outcomes. Data Sources PubMed, Ovid, Embase, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library. Methods Two independent authors systematically reviewed articles describing outcomes after endoscopic sinus surgery for paranasal sinus mucoceles presenting with visual loss. Available data from case reports and series were combined to analyze the associations among preoperative visual acuity, time to surgery, and postoperative outcomes. Results Eighty-five studies were included that provided data on 207 patients. The average presenting visual acuity was 1.57 logMAR (logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution), and the average postoperative visual acuity was 0.21 logMAR, with visual improvement in 71.5% of cases. Preoperative visual acuity ≥1.52 logMAR correlated with postoperative improvement >1 logMAR ( R = 0.4887, P < .0001). A correlation was found between a time to surgery <6 days and postoperative improvement ( R = 0.297, P < .0001). Receiver operator curve analysis of these thresholds demonstrated a moderately accurate prognostic ability (area under the curve: 75.1 for preoperative visual acuity and 73.1 for time to surgery). Conclusion Visual loss resulting from paranasal sinus mucoceles is potentially reversible in most cases, even those presenting with poor vision. When possible, surgery should be performed promptly after diagnosis, but emergency surgery does not appear to be necessary for vision restoration."
"Journal Article"	"A. D. Meid; A. Lampert; A. Burnett; H. M. Seidling; W. E. Haefeli"	"2015"	"The impact of pharmaceutical care interventions for medication underuse in older people: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"British journal of clinical pharmacology"	"80"	"4"	"768-776"	"John Wiley & Sons, Ltd"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25868941
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4594715/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4594715/pdf/bcp0080-0768.pdf"	"10.1111/bcp.12657"	"elderly
inappropriate prescribing
medication reviews
medication underuse
meta-analysis
systematic literature review
Aged
Drug Utilization Review
Humans
Medication Errors/*prevention & control
Outcome Assessment (Health Care)
Pharmaceutical Services/*statistics & numerical data"	"AIMS: The aim of the present study was to conduct a meta-analysis of controlled trials assessing the impact of pharmaceutical care interventions (e.g. medication reviews) on medication underuse in older patients (≥65 years). METHODS: The databases MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched for controlled studies, and data on interventions, patient characteristics and exposure, and outcome assessment were extracted. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane Collaboration's 'risk of bias' table. Results from reported outcomes were synthesized in multivariate random effects meta-analysis, subgroup meta-analysis and meta-regression. RESULTS: From 954 identified articles, nine controlled studies, mainly comprising a medication review, were included (2542 patients). These interventions were associated with significant reductions in the mean number of omitted drugs per patient (estimate from six studies with 1469 patients: - 0.44; 95% confidence interval -0.61, -0.26) and the proportion of patients with ≥1 omitted drugs (odds ratio from eight studies with 1833 patients: 0.29; 95% confidence interval 0.13, 0.63). The only significant influential factor for improving success was the utilization of explicit screening instruments when conducting a medication review (P = 0.033). CONCLUSION: Pharmaceutical care interventions, including medication reviews, can significantly reduce medication underuse in older people. The use of explicit screening instruments alone or in combination with implicit reasoning is strongly recommendable for clinical practice."
"Journal Article"	"A. Lowenstern; S. M. Al-Khatib; L. Sharan; R. Chatterjee; N. M. Allen LaPointe; B. Shah; E. D. Borre; G. Raitz; A. Goode; R. Yapa; J. K. Davis; K. Lallinger; R. Schmidt; A. S. Kosinski; G. D. Sanders"	"2018"	"Interventions for Preventing Thromboembolic Events in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review"	"Annals of internal medicine"	"169"	"11"	"774-787"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30383133
https://watermark.silverchair.com/aime201812040-m181523.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAgowggIGBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggH3MIIB8wIBADCCAewGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMoxHGnsvGo_xNAY1aAgEQgIIBvXZXwRsC5KnwG-vt4G2z_I7MOd826zW6HtQiBxaTT4kPQdJg6xG6PU3JKSohe9JEcML7Q66UExKPw86tqELoFwSkZYLyBdJpFdZgq7sEB7yS6wQxu8VrqzWD_spIdJQuk495-KLqdcOJcR45ri6JmCDHzira6pXyRRZa1tR0arkkPJjVrvno2PN6R0rNRMj7WM8weOACjw-IAaJl6PqNKAfud14A95t3E7acfxz85bDRdvMIrTAE6TsXheJHw1pCRw80nfLVkdTgB3fSY4luYQ2yccGoCHW7lE1b0mD_hjeukZ4pllI9ukmqKp4V_OfCOLc4TYsgAhyYSHBLQQg0QMoxE-pzGE4HkmpzN43Rqb1hf3NZvWF4szZKVX4CoFVm_9eqoMrQ1b3KpD-H8vfVTXZ4l8sYCSgu5fhMA8cIBHNiB6sTLvZon-6QUaeei90ILklezXzQ9GOeFSD1lsa-KoJzJQzPaslkcAkeK-_nqp0FapvZOY13perQYMB6gWWxqOREwlUANMilRTN78wM-Y_7M8aLR8_pdPexZap89UxhUkWck9mun3KX4BsW8DIliYhiH2uCJJkjzxVBwxn8"	"10.7326/M18-1523"	"Anticoagulants/adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Antithrombins/adverse effects/therapeutic use
Atrial Appendage
Atrial Fibrillation/*complications
Comparative Effectiveness Research
Factor Xa Inhibitors/adverse effects/therapeutic use
Hemorrhage/etiology/prevention & control
Humans
Septal Occluder Device
Stroke/etiology/prevention & control
Thromboembolism/etiology/*prevention & control"	"BACKGROUND: The comparative safety and effectiveness of treatments to prevent thromboembolic complications in atrial fibrillation (AF) remain uncertain. PURPOSE: To compare the effectiveness of medical and procedural therapies in preventing thromboembolic events and bleeding complications in adults with nonvalvular AF. DATA SOURCES: English-language studies in several databases from 1 January 2000 to 14 February 2018. STUDY SELECTION: Two reviewers independently screened citations to identify comparative studies of treatments to prevent stroke in adults with nonvalvular AF who reported thromboembolic or bleeding complications. DATA EXTRACTION: Two reviewers independently abstracted data, assessed study quality and applicability, and rated strength of evidence. DATA SYNTHESIS: Data from 220 articles were included. Dabigatran and apixaban were superior and rivaroxaban and edoxaban were similar to warfarin in preventing stroke or systemic embolism. Apixaban and edoxaban were superior and rivaroxaban and dabigatran were similar to warfarin in reducing the risk for major bleeding. Treatment effects with dabigatran were similar in patients with renal dysfunction (interaction P > 0.05), and patients younger than 75 years had lower bleeding rates with dabigatran (interaction P < 0.001). The benefit of treatment with apixaban was consistent in many subgroups, including those with renal impairment, diabetes, and prior stroke (interaction P > 0.05 for all). The greatest bleeding risk reduction was observed in patients with a glomerular filtration rate less than 50 mL/min/1.73 m2 (P = 0.003). Similar treatment effects were observed for rivaroxaban and edoxaban in patients with prior stroke, diabetes, or heart failure (interaction P > 0.05 for all). LIMITATION: Heterogeneous study populations, interventions, and outcomes. CONCLUSION: The available direct-acting oral anticoagulants (DOACs) are at least as effective and safe as warfarin for patients with nonvalvular AF. The DOACs had similar benefits across several patient subgroups and seemed safe and efficacious for a wide range of patients with nonvalvular AF. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute. (PROSPERO: CRD42017069999)."
"Journal Article"	"C. Feltner; C. D. Jones; C. W. Cene; Z. J. Zheng; C. A. Sueta; E. J. L. Coker-Schwimmer; M. Arvanitis; K. N. Lohr; J. C. Middleton; D. E. Jonas"	"2014"	"Transitional Care Interventions to Prevent Readmissions for Persons With Heart Failure A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Annals of Internal Medicine"	"160"	"11"	"774-+"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000337348700004"	"10.7326/m14-0083"	"randomized controlled-trial
home-based intervention
acute
myocardial-infarction
disease management program
multidisciplinary
care
self-care
elderly-patients
high-risk
hospital discharge
clinical-outcomes
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background: Nearly 25% of patients hospitalized with heart failure (HF) are readmitted within 30 days. Purpose: To assess the efficacy, comparative effectiveness, and harms of transitional care interventions to reduce readmission and mortality rates for adults hospitalized with HF. Data Sources: MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, CINAHL, ClinicalTrials.gov, and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (1 January 1990 to late October 2013). Study Selection: Two reviewers independently selected randomized, controlled trials published in English reporting a readmission or mortality rate within 6 months of an index hospitalization. Data Extraction: One reviewer extracted data, and another checked accuracy. Two reviewers assessed risk of bias and graded strength of evidence (SOE). Data Synthesis: Forty-seven trials were included. Most enrolled adults with moderate to severe HF and a mean age of 70 years. Few trials reported 30-day readmission rates. At 30 days, a high-intensity home-visiting program reduced all-cause readmission and the composite end point (all-cause readmission or death; low SOE). Over 3 to 6 months, home-visiting programs and multidisciplinary heart failure (MDS-HF) clinic interventions reduced all-cause readmission (high SOE). Home-visiting programs reduced HF-specific readmission and the composite end point (moderate SOE). Structured telephone support (STS) interventions reduced HF-specific readmission (high SOE) but not all-cause readmissions (moderate SOE). Home-visiting programs, MDS-HF clinics, and STS interventions produced a mortality benefit. Neither telemonitoring nor primarily educational interventions reduced readmission or mortality rates. Limitations: Few trials reported 30-day readmission rates. Usual care was heterogeneous and sometimes not adequately described. Conclusion: Home-visiting programs and MDS-HF clinics reduced all-cause readmission and mortality; STS reduced HF-specific readmission and mortality. These interventions should receive the greatest consideration by systems or providers seeking to implement transitional care interventions for persons with HF."
"Journal Article"	"V. N. Shah; C. S. Shah; S. K. Bhadada; D. S. Rao"	"2014"	"Effect of 25 (OH) D replacements in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) and coexistent vitamin D deficiency on serum 25(OH) D, calcium and PTH levels: a meta-analysis and review of literature"	"Clinical Endocrinology"	"80"	"6"	"797-803"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000334907900004
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/cen.12398"	"10.1111/cen.12398"	"mild primary hyperparathyroidism
parathyroid adenoma weight
bone-mineral density
d insufficiency
d repletion
nutrition
surgery
therapy
Endocrinology & Metabolism"	"Context The safety of vitamin D replacement in subjects with primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) and coexistent vitamin D deficiency is not well established. Objective To evaluate the safety of vitamin D replacement in PHPT. Data Source Data were searched from Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane CENTRAL and abstracts form annual scientific meetings of various international bone and mineral societies. Study Selection Studies examining the effect of preoperative vitamin D replacement in patients with PHPT and coexisting vitamin D deficiency, irrespective of year and language of the publication were included in the present meta-analysis. Data Extraction Data were extracted from text of the included publications or abstract of conferences. Data Synthesis Ten studies enrolling 340 subjects with PHPT were analysed in this meta-analysis. After vitamin D replacement, there was significant increase in 25(OH) D levels by 55 center dot 3nmol/l (95% CI 33 center dot 3-77 center dot 3), reduction in serum parathyroid hormone levels by 3 center dot 5 pmol/l (5 center dot 8 to -1 center dot 2) without change in serum calcium (-0 center dot 08mmol/l, -0 center dot 2 to +0 center dot 03) and urinary calcium levels (0 center dot 72mmol/24h, P=0 center dot 2) compared to baseline. Conclusion Vitamin D replacement in subjects with PHPT and coexistent vitamin D deficiency increase 25 (OH) D and reduce serum PTH significantly without causing hypercalcaemia and hypercalciuria. The finding of the study needs to be confirmed by a large randomized trial in patient with PHPT and coexistent vitamin D deficiency."
"Journal Article"	"K. Chennapan; S. Mullinax; E. Anderson; M. J. Landau; K. Nordstrom; R. A. Seupaul; M. P. Wilson"	"2018"	"Medical Screening of Mental Health Patients in the Emergency Department: A Systematic Review"	"The Journal of emergency medicine"	"55"	"6"	"799-812"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30316619"	"10.1016/j.jemermed.2018.09.014"	"emergency department
emergency room
guidelines
medical clearance
medical screening
mental health
psychiatry
Emergency Medicine/*methods
Emergency Service, Hospital/*organization & administration
Humans
Mass Screening/*methods
Mental Disorders/*diagnosis"	"BACKGROUND: Patients presenting to the emergency department (ED) with psychiatric complaints often require medical screening to evaluate for a medical cause of their symptoms. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the existing literature on the medical screening of psychiatric patients and establish recommendations for ideal screening practices in Western-style EDs. METHODS: PubMed, PsycINFO, and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched for clinical studies examining the medical screening of adult psychiatric patients in the ED or inappropriate referrals to psychiatry. Articles were graded using the Effective Public Health Practice Project (EPHPP) grading tool and sorted into topics. A 3-level grading algorithm used by other emergency medicine organizations was used to evaluate the strength of the evidence for each recommendation. RESULTS: Sixty articles met the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Most published literature on medical screening consisted of nonrandomized studies with a high risk of bias. Some screening procedures, such as history and physical examination, were extensively recommended. Other screening procedures received mixed recommendations. CONCLUSIONS: Based on available literature, physician experts developed 7 recommendations. For a patient with known psychiatric disease presenting with symptom exacerbation, medical screening should include a full medical and psychiatric history, a targeted physical examination, and a mental status examination. Urine toxicology screening and nonurine drug screen laboratory testing should not be routinely performed. Additional screening tests may be valuable for patients with new-onset psychiatric symptoms who are ≥65 years of age, are immunosuppressed, or have concomitant medical disease. However, additional studies on this topic with more rigorous methodology must be conducted to establish definitive guidelines."
"Journal Article"	"M. Lazkani; C. Yerasi; S. Prakash; A. Pershad; K. Fang"	"2018"	"Permanent pacemaker implantation and paravalvular leak rates following sutureless aortic valve operations"	"Journal of cardiac surgery"	"33"	"12"	"808-817"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30548698"	"10.1111/jocs.13938"	"paravalvular leak
permanent pacemaker
rapid deployment aortic valve
sutureless aortic valve
Aged
Aortic Valve/*surgery
Female
Heart Valve Prosthesis Implantation/*adverse effects/methods
Humans
Male
*Pacemaker, Artificial
Postoperative Complications
Prosthesis Design
*Prosthesis Failure
Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement/adverse effects"	"BACKGROUND: Permanent pacemaker (PPM) implantation and paravalvular leak (PVL) rates after sutureless aortic valve replacement (SuAVR) vary widely. The aim of this meta-analysis was to examine the incidence of new PPM implantation and PVL after SuAVR. METHODS: Studies evaluating PPM implantation and PVL rates after SuAVR were searched in Medline/PubMed, Ovid Journals, Clinicaltrials.gov, Cochrane central register of controlled trials and database. Studies with a sample size ≥10 were included in this analysis. Pooled proportions were calculated using both the fixed and random-effects models. The heterogeneity among studies was tested using I(2) statistic. The study design was written in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: Thirty studies involving 3993 patients with a median follow-up of 12 months were included. The median age was 77 years and males constituted 50%. There was a history of stroke and coronary artery disease in 6% and 31% of the population. Pooled proportions demonstrate a cumulative postoperative PPM rate of 8.5% (95% confidence interval [CI] 7.6-9.5%, I(2)  = 68.8%) and the overall rate of any PVL was 4.2% (95%CI 3.4-5%, I(2)  = 76.1%) across all major SuAVR devices. The rate of severe PVL was only 0.4% (95%CI 0.2-0.7%, I(2)  = 0%) at discharge and 0.5% (95%CI 0.2-0.9%, I(2)  = 0%) at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: In SuAVR prostheses implanted in this meta-analysis, the postoperative permanent pacemaker rate was higher (8.5%) than reported for non-SuAVR prosthesis. While the overall PVL rate was 4.2%, the incidence of severe PVL was only 0.4% at discharge and remained stable at 0.5% at 12 months."
"Journal Article"	"D. Cortez; N. Sharma; J. Cavanaugh; F. Tuozo; G. Derk; E. Lundberg; T. T. Schlegel; K. Weiner; N. Kiciman; J. Alejos; B. Landeck; J. Aboulhosn; S. Miyamoto; A. Batra; A. C. McCanta"	"2015"	"The spatial QRS-T angle outperforms the Italian and Seattle ECG-based criteria for detection of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in pediatric patients"	"Journal of electrocardiology"	"48"	"5"	"826-833"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26275983"	"10.1016/j.jelectrocard.2015.07.016"	"Italian criteria
Screening
Seattle criteria
Vectorcardiography
Adolescent
Cardiomyopathy, Hypertrophic/classification/*diagnosis
Diagnosis, Computer-Assisted/*methods/*standards
Electrocardiography/*methods/*standards
Female
Humans
Italy
Male
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
Reproducibility of Results
Sensitivity and Specificity
United States"	"INTRODUCTION: The spatial peaks QRS-T angle has been shown to differentiate adult patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) from controls. We hypothesized that the spatial peaks QRS-T angle would, in isolation, be more accurate than the Italian 12-lead ECG Pre-participation Screening criteria or the Seattle criteria for detecting hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in pediatric patients. METHODS: A retrospective study of pediatric patients with HCM compared to age and gender-matched control patients was undertaken. Significance, odds ratios, sensitivity and specificity of HCM detection of the visually derived spatial peaks QRS-T angle were compared to those of traditional 12-lead ECG criteria using: 1) Italy's National Pre-participation Screening Programme criteria; and 2) described criteria from Seattle. RESULTS: ECG results from 130 pediatric HCM patients (14.2±4.4years) were compared to 470 control patients (normal echocardiograms, mean age 13.4±4.6years). Mean±standard deviation (SD) values for spatial peaks QRS-T angles were 120.4±40.7 and 21.3±13.7 degrees for HCM and controls, respectively (P<0.001). A spatial peaks QRS-T angle cutoff value of >54.9 degrees yielded greater sensitivity and specificity (93.1% and 98.7%, respectively) for detecting HCM over ECG criteria from Italy (68.5% and 48.1%, respectively) or Seattle (64.6% and 78.9%, respectively) with odds ratios at 1039.70 (95% CI 363.03 to 2977.67), 2.01 (95% CI 1.33 to 3.04) and 6.84 (4.49-10.44), respectively. CONCLUSION: In our cohort, a visually derived spatial peaks QRS-T angle has increased sensitivity and specificity for detection of HCM in pediatric patients compared to currently utilized Italian or Seattle ECG criteria."
"Journal Article"	"B. J. Qumseya; S. Wani; S. Gendy; B. Harnke; J. J. Bergman; H. Wolfsen"	"2017"	"Disease Progression in Barrett's Low-Grade Dysplasia With Radiofrequency Ablation Compared With Surveillance: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"American Journal of Gastroenterology"	"112"	"6"	"849-865"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000402710000011"	"10.1038/ajg.2017.70"	"esophageal adenocarcinoma incidence
neoplastic progression
high-risk
endoscopic surveillance
diagnosis
predictors
management
mortality
trends
Gastroenterology & Hepatology"	"OBJECTIVES: Barrett's esophagus (BE) is the only identifiable premalignant condition for esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC). Management of BE with low-grade dysplasia continues to be controversial. We aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the risk of progression to high-grade dysplasia or EAC among patients with BE with low-grade dysplasia treated with radiofrequency ablation (RFA) compared with surveillance endoscopy. METHODS: Our search included Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Central, was limited to English language articles, and was last searched on 31 December 2015. Studies were reviewed by title and abstract, and then full text by two independent reviewers. Two independent reviewers extracted data. Differences were resolved by consensus. The primary outcome of interest was the relative risk of disease progression among patients with BE with low-grade dysplasia treated with RFAcompared with surveillance. RESULTS: Our search resulted in 2,029 citations, 19 studies were included in the final analysis, totaling 2,746 patients. Relative risk of disease progression in RFA compared with surveillance was 0.14% (95% confidence interval: 0.04-0.45), P = 0.001. This measure was stable when only all studies were included. Absolute risk reduction was 10.9% and the number needed to treat was 9.2. Results were stable over several quality measures, overtime, and when excluding randomized trials. The cumulative rate of progression to high-grade dysplasia/EAC was lower in RFA compared with surveillance (1.7% vs. 12.6%, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Similarly, the incidence rate of progression among patients with surveillance was significantly higher from those treated with RFA (0.022 vs. 0.005, P < 0.001). RFA results in a significant reduction risk of disease progression to high-grade dysplasia/EAC among patients with BE with low-grade dysplasia."
"Journal Article"	"L. Cleveland; C. M. Hill; W. S. Pulse; H. C. DiCioccio; T. Field; R. White-Traut"	"2017"	"Systematic Review of Skin-to-Skin Care for Full-Term, Healthy Newborns"	"Jognn-Journal of Obstetric Gynecologic and Neonatal Nursing"	"46"	"6"	"857-869"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000417111900008"	"10.1016/j.jogn.2017.08.005"	"bonding
breastfeeding
infant massage
infant touch
jaundice
maternal
attachment
newborn growth and development
skin-to-skin
thermoregulation
randomized controlled-trial
mother-infant interaction
breast-feeding
status
preterm infants
massage therapy
kangaroo care
weight-gain
underlying mechanisms
procedural pain
hospital stay
Nursing
Obstetrics & Gynecology"	"Objective: To determine the effect of skin-to-skin mother-infant holding, touch, and/or massage on full-term, healthy newborns and their primary caregivers. Data Sources: A seven-member scientific advisory panel searched the databases PubMed, CINAHL, and Scopus using the search terms massage, skin-to-skin contact, kangaroo care, touch, therapeutic touch, and full-term newborns for research with human participants published in English with no date parameters. Study Selection: The initial search yielded 416 articles. After reviewing titles and retaining only articles that met the review criteria, 280 articles remained. The panel co-chairs reviewed and discussed the abstracts of these articles and retained 90 for review. Data Extraction: Each article was assigned to one panel member and one co-chair for review. Members of the panel met via teleconference to present articles and to determine whether they had scientific merit and addressed the research question. Articles that did not meet these standards were eliminated. Forty articles included relevant evidence: 33 articles on skin-to-skin holding and 7 on infant massage. Data Synthesis: We created a table that included the purpose, design, and findings of each study. This information was synthesized into a feasibility report by the co-chairs. Conclusion: Evidence supports recommendations for skin-to-skin care for all full-term, healthy newborns. Although there is inadequate evidence to recommend massage as standard care for all newborns, massage has been shown to help consolidate sleep patterns and reduce jaundice."
"Journal Article"	"S. Okuyama; W. Jones; C. Ricklefs; Z. V. Tran"	"2015"	"Psychosocial telephone interventions for patients with cancer and survivors: a systematic review"	"Psycho-oncology"	"24"	"8"	"857-870"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25328103"	"10.1002/pon.3704"	"cancer
oncology
psycho-oncology
review
telephone intervention
Adult
Aged
Breast Neoplasms
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Neoplasms/*psychology/*rehabilitation
Psychotherapy/*methods
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Sample Size
Survivors/*psychology
Telephone"	"OBJECTIVE: Over one third of patients with cancer experience elevated psychosocial distress. As screening for distress becomes more common, the number of patients referred for psychosocial care will increase. Psychosocial telephone interventions are recommended as a convenient and exportable alternative to in-person interventions addressing psychosocial distress. This study reviews the efficacy of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of psychosocial telephone interventions for patients with cancer. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of peer-reviewed RCTs evaluating telephone interventions in adult patients with cancer across the survivorship continuum. RESULTS: Through a database search, 480 articles were identified. After manual review, 13 were included, with 7 additional studies identified by back citation, totaling 20 studies. Participants were largely Caucasian, highly educated, with mean age ranging from 49 to 75 years. Most participants were patients with breast cancer (n = 13 studies). Sample sizes were generally small, with most patients recruited from large medical centers. Only one screened for psychosocial need. Interventions varied greatly in length and intensity. Eight studies reported significant effects post-intervention in the hypothesized direction on at least one psychosocial outcome measure. Of these eight studies, four included more than one follow-up assessment; of these, only one reported significant effects at last follow-up. No clear commonalities were found among studies reporting significant effects. CONCLUSIONS: Methodological concerns and lack of consistency in adherence to CONSORT reporting guidelines were identified. This body of research would benefit from well-designed, theory-based RCTs adequately powered to provide more definitive evidence for intervention efficacy. This will probably require multi-institutional collaborations, guided by intervention and research methodology best practices."
"Journal Article"	"D. Magnusson; F. Sweeney; M. Landry"	"2019"	"Provision of rehabilitation services for children with disabilities living in low- and middle-income countries: a scoping review"	"Disability and rehabilitation"	"41"	"7"	"861-868"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29212379"	"10.1080/09638288.2017.1411982"	"*Child
*developmental disability
*global south
*intervention
*therapy"	"BACKGROUND: Childhood disability is a growing global health priority. The purpose of this scoping review was to identify and summarize rehabilitation interventions used to support children with disabilities in low- and middle-income countries. METHODS: This scoping review involved a systematic search of electronic databases using a combination of subject headings and/or keywords related to child disability, rehabilitation, and low- and middle-income countries. Charting involved an iterative process whereby the full text of articles meeting the inclusion criteria were abstracted using a charting form. Data were charted according to pre-selected and emerging characteristics deemed relevant to the scoping review's purpose. RESULTS: Eighty-one articles were included in the final analysis. Forty-three articles explored the use of screening and/or diagnostic tools in identifying children with disabilities in low and middle income countries, and 38 articles evaluated rehabilitation services for these children. CONCLUSIONS: A number of rehabilitation strategies are available that have the potential to improve the identification of and outcomes for children with disabilities in low and middle income countries. Future research ought to advance the development, implementation, and evaluation of training programs for non-rehabilitation specialists (e.g., doctors, nurses, and teachers), non-specialist community members (e.g., community health workers), and caregivers in the area of rehabilitation, and evaluate the effectiveness of rehabilitation interventions in improving participatory outcomes and quality of life for children with disabilities. Implications for Rehabilitation Additional research is needed to understand the influence of rehabilitation on personal factors (e.g., self-efficacy and quality of life) and participation for children with disabilities. There is limited availability of experienced rehabilitation service providers, especially in rural areas, warranting additional research into the development and evaluation of non-specialist training programs, and the integration of rehabilitation concepts across health workforce education programs. Researchers from low and middle income countries appear to be underrepresented in published rehabilitation research, indicating a need to further promote the inclusion of this group through community-based participatory research."
"Journal Article"	"N. S. Mauser; J. D. Michelson; H. Gissel; C. Henderson; C. Mauffrey"	"2016"	"Work-hour restrictions and orthopaedic resident education: a systematic review"	"International orthopaedics"	"40"	"5"	"865-873"		"Germany"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26572881"	"10.1007/s00264-015-3045-7"	"*Education
*Orthopaedic resident
*Restrictions
*Work hours
Humans
Internship and Residency/*methods
Orthopedics/*education
Patient Safety
*Personnel Staffing and Scheduling
Physicians
*Workload
Workplace"	"PURPOSE: The ACGME (US) and The European Working Time Directive (UK) placed work-hour restrictions on medical trainees with the goal of improved patient safety. However, there has been concern over a potential decrease in medical education. Orthopaedic training is the focus of this study. We examined previously published subjective and objective data regarding education and work-hour restrictions and developed the questions: Do specific perceptions emerge within the subjective studies examined? Are there objective differences in educational measures before and after work-hour restrictions? Is there a difference between the subjective and objective data? METHODS: A systematic review was conducted via MedLine, regarding orthopaedic studies in the USA and UK, with reference to work-hour restrictions and education. RESULTS: Subjective survey studies demonstrate that residents and attending physicians have a negative response to work-hour restrictions because of the perceived impact on their overall education and operating room experience. Conversely, limited objective studies demonstrated no change in operative volume before or after implementation of restrictions. CONCLUSIONS: This review highlights the need for more objective studies on the educational implications of work-hour restrictions. Studies to date have not demonstrated a measurable difference based on case logs or training scores. Opinion-based surveys demonstrate an overall negative perception by both residents and attending physicians, on the impact of work-hour restrictions on orthopaedic education. Current published data is limited and stronger evidence-based data are needed before definitive conclusions can be reached."
"Journal Article"	"G. A. Heckman; A. K. Shamji; R. Ladha; J. Stapleton; V. Boscart; R. S. Boxer; L. B. Martin; L. Crutchlow; R. S. McKelvie"	"2018"	"Heart Failure Management in Nursing Homes: A Scoping Literature Review"	"The Canadian journal of cardiology"	"34"	"7"	"871-880"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29960616"	"10.1016/j.cjca.2018.04.006"	"Advance Care Planning/*organization & administration
*Disease Management
Heart Failure/*therapy
Humans
*Nursing Homes
*Quality Assurance, Health Care"	"Heart failure (HF) affects 20% of nursing home (NH) residents, causing high morbidity and mortality. The optimal approach to HF management in NHs remains elusive. We conducted a scoping review of published guidelines and HF management interventions in NHs. A search for English publications since 1990 was conducted using PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and Scopus, for scientific statements, guidelines, recommendations, or intervention studies that addressed at least 1 principle of HF management. Of 2545 records retrieved, 19 articles were retained after screening, and 2 additional articles identified through reference list manual searches. Six articles represented 5 guidelines and 15 described interventions. All guidelines endorsed the applicability of general HF guidelines to NH residents, tailored to comorbidities, frailty, and advance care preferences. Four addressed quality assurance but not feasibility and sustainability. Methodological quality of the interventions was poor, although results suggest that guideline-based HF management in NHs can improve nursing staff knowledge and job satisfaction, prescribing, and reduce acute care utilization. Clinically-based education for staff, and access to specialist mentorship are important. NH physician involvement was limited, and resident/family education potentially ineffective. Concerns about feasibility, sustainability, and quality assurance were identified in most interventions, and advance care planning was rarely addressed. HF guidelines for NH support the applicability of general HF guidelines to the care of NH residents, and published interventions suggest that guideline-based HF management in NHs is effective. Future work should support greater physician and resident engagement, advance care planning, and provide robust guidelines on developing feasible and sustainable interventions."
"Journal Article"	"M. K. Hill; A. Kheirandish Pishkenari; T. L. Braunberger; A. W. Armstrong; C. A. Dunnick"	"2016"	"Recent trends in disease severity and quality of life instruments for patients with atopic dermatitis: A systematic review"	"Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology"	"75"	"5"	"906-917"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27615798"	"10.1016/j.jaad.2016.07.002"	"Dermatitis, Atopic/*drug therapy/psychology
Humans
Outcome Assessment (Health Care)
*Quality of Life
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic/methods
Retrospective Studies
*Severity of Illness Index"	"BACKGROUND: A significant number of instruments exist that are aimed at quantifying atopic dermatitis (AD) outcomes. OBJECTIVE: We sought to assess recent trends in the use of disease severity and quality of life (QOL) outcome instruments in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) conducted on patients with AD between July 2010 and July 2015. METHODS: A total of 540 nonduplicate records were identified through searches of Scopus and Ovid MEDLINE. Included studies were RCTs conducted on humans with AD that were published in English between July 2010 and July 2015 and that reported the results of disease severity or QOL outcome measures. RESULTS: All of the 135 included studies assessed disease severity. Only 45 studies assessed QOL. Sixty-two disease severity measures and 28 QOL scales were identified. LIMITATIONS: This study was limited by its timeframe of 5 years and by the exclusion of non-RCTs and gray literature. CONCLUSION: Disease severity and QOL outcome measures are instrumental in evaluating AD treatment efficacy. The number of such tools used in RCTs on patients with AD continues to rise. Standardization of outcomes instruments is essential for comparability among studies and improved quality of evidence."
"Journal Article"	"S. Sonnappa; B. McQueen; D. S. Postma; R. J. Martin; N. Roche; J. Grigg; T. Guilbert; C. Gouder; E. Pizzichini; A. Niimi; W. Phipatanakul; A. Chisholm; R. J. Dandurand; A. Kaplan; E. Israel; A. Papi; W. M. C. van Aalderen; O. S. Usmani; D. B. Price"	"2018"	"Extrafine Versus Fine Inhaled Corticosteroids in Relation to Asthma Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Real-Life Studies"	"The journal of allergy and clinical immunology. In practice"	"6"	"3"	"907-915.e7"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28941668
https://spiral.imperial.ac.uk:8443/handle/10044/1/54943"	"10.1016/j.jaip.2017.07.032"	"*Asthma control
*Conventional ICS
*Extrafine beclometasone dipropionate
*Extrafine ciclesonide
*Extrafine-particle ICS
*Fine-particle ICS
*Inhaled corticosteroids
*Observational studies
*Real-life"	"BACKGROUND: The particle size of inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) may affect airway drug deposition and effectiveness. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effectiveness of extrafine ICSs (mass median aerodynamic diameter, <2 μm) versus fine-particle ICSs administered as ICS monotherapy or ICS-long-acting β-agonist combination therapy by conducting a meta-analysis of observational real-life asthma studies to estimate the treatment effect of extrafine ICSs. METHODS: MEDLINE and EMBASE databases were reviewed for asthma observational comparative effectiveness studies from January 2004 to June 2016. Studies were included if they reported odds and relative risk ratios and met all inclusion criteria (Respiratory Effectiveness Group/European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology quality standards, comparison of extrafine ICSs with same or different ICS molecule, ≥12-month follow-up). End-point data (asthma control, exacerbations, prescribed ICS dose) were pooled. Random-effects meta-analysis modeling was used. The study protocol is published in the PROSPERO register CRD42016039137. RESULTS: Seven studies with 33,453 subjects aged 5 to 80 years met eligibility criteria for inclusion. Six studies used extrafine beclometasone propionate and 1 study used both extrafine beclometasone propionate and extrafine ciclesonide as comparators with fine-particle ICSs. The overall odds of achieving asthma control were significantly higher for extrafine ICSs compared with fine-particle ICSs (odds ratio, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.22-1.46). Overall exacerbation rate ratios (0.84; 95% CI, 0.73-0.97) and ICS dose (weighted mean difference, -170 μg; 95% CI, -222 to -118 μg) were significantly lower for extrafine ICSs compared with fine-particle ICSs. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis demonstrates that extrafine ICSs have significantly higher odds of achieving asthma control with lower exacerbation rates at significantly lower prescribed doses than fine-particle ICSs."
"Journal Article"	"D. M. Kent; I. J. Dahabreh; R. Ruthazer; A. J. Furlan; M. Reisman; J. D. Carroll; J. L. Saver; R. W. Smalling; P. Jüni; H. P. Mattle; B. Meier; D. E. Thaler"	"2016"	"Device Closure of Patent Foramen Ovale After Stroke: Pooled Analysis of Completed Randomized Trials"	"Journal of the American College of Cardiology"	"67"	"8"	"907-917"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26916479
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4769377/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4769377/pdf/nihms747782.pdf"	"10.1016/j.jacc.2015.12.023"	"cryptogenic stroke
meta-analysis
transient ischemic attack
Cardiac Catheterization/*methods
Foramen Ovale, Patent/complications/*surgery
Humans
Incidence
Prosthesis Failure
*Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Septal Occluder Device/*adverse effects
Stroke/epidemiology/etiology/*therapy
Survival Rate/trends
United States/epidemiology"	"BACKGROUND: The comparative effectiveness of percutaneous closure of patent foramen ovale (PFO) plus medical therapy versus medical therapy alone for cryptogenic stroke is uncertain. OBJECTIVES: The authors performed the first pooled analysis of individual participant data from completed randomized trials comparing PFO closure versus medical therapy in patients with cryptogenic stroke. METHODS: The analysis included data on 2 devices (STARFlex [umbrella occluder] [NMT Medical, Inc., Boston, Massachusetts] and Amplatzer PFO Occluder [disc occluder] [AGA Medical/St. Jude Medical, St. Paul, Minnesota]) evaluated in 3 trials. The primary composite outcome was stroke, transient ischemic attack, or death; the secondary outcome was stroke. We used log-rank tests and unadjusted and covariate-adjusted Cox regression models to compare device closure versus medical therapy. RESULTS: Among 2,303 patients, closure was not significantly associated with the primary composite outcome. The difference became significant after covariate adjustment (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.68; p = 0.049). For the outcome of stroke, all comparisons were statistically significant, with unadjusted and adjusted HRs of 0.58 (p = 0.043) and 0.58 (p = 0.044), respectively. In analyses limited to the 2 disc occluder device trials, the effect of closure was not significant for the composite outcome, but was for the stroke outcome (unadjusted HR: 0.39; p = 0.013). Subgroup analyses did not identify significant heterogeneity of treatment effects. Atrial fibrillation was more common among closure patients. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with PFO and cryptogenic stroke, closure reduced recurrent stroke and had a statistically significant effect on the composite of stroke, transient ischemic attack, and death in adjusted but not unadjusted analyses."
"Journal Article"	"J. M. Trujillo; J. Goldman"	"2017"	"Lixisenatide, a Once-Daily Prandial Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist for the Treatment of Adults with Type 2 Diabetes"	"Pharmacotherapy"	"37"	"8"	"927-943"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28556176
https://accpjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/phar.1962"	"10.1002/phar.1962"	"GLP-1 receptor agonist
lixisenatide
type 2 diabetes
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2/*drug therapy
Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor/*agonists
Humans
Hypoglycemic Agents/pharmacokinetics/pharmacology/*therapeutic use
Peptides/pharmacokinetics/pharmacology/*therapeutic use"	"Lixisenatide, a short-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1 RA), has been available in Europe since 2013 and was recently approved in the United States for the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D) as an adjunct to diet and exercise. The objective of this systematic review is to describe the pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, safety, and efficacy of lixisenatide in patients with T2D. We conducted a search of the EMBASE database, limited to human studies with abstracts available in English. Published conference abstracts, limited to the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the European Association for the Study of Diabetes meetings in 2015, as well as abstracts presented at the ADA meeting in 2016, were also screened. The abstracts retrieved were assessed for relevance; review articles and meta-analyses focusing on GLP-1 RAs as a class were excluded. Lixisenatide induced mean reductions of 0.46-0.99% in glycated hemoglobin A(1c) (Hb(A1c) ), 55.86-143.43 mg/dl in 2-hour postprandial glucose (PPG) levels, and 56.58-127.75 mg/dl in mealtime glucose level variations. Changes in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels and weight ranged from -21.98 to +5.41 mg/dl and from -2.96 to +0.3 kg, respectively, in patients with T2D enrolled in the GetGoal clinical program (a program of clinical trials that established the efficacy and safety profile of lixisenatide 20 μg once/day across patients with T2D with differing background therapies). Lixisenatide was well tolerated, demonstrating rates of symptomatic hypoglycemia of 0.8-42.9% and a very low rate of severe hypoglycemia (< 1.5%) as well as no increased risk of cardiovascular events. The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature, mainly transient nausea and vomiting of mild-to-moderate severity. Lixisenatide effectively lowers Hb(A1c) levels in patients with T2D through a mechanism of action complementary to that of agents that mainly target FPG, with the additional benefit of weight loss. Its once-daily administration schedule and effect on PPG levels make it an attractive option as add-on treatment to basal insulin therapy or oral antidiabetic agents."
"Journal Article"	"R. T. Goins; J. Jones; M. Schure; D. E. Rosenberg; E. A. Phelan; S. Dodson; D. L. Jones"	"2015"	"Older Adults' Perceptions of Mobility: A Metasynthesis of Qualitative Studies"	"The Gerontologist"	"55"	"6"	"929-942"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24637252
https://watermark.silverchair.com/gnu014.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAApUwggKRBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggKCMIICfgIBADCCAncGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMa5OarO-rZ2qfgqE0AgEQgIICSOlPkHcEgjk4vS2etyLyPepisfS6F12bzZaOtH1EAtYoYNG7CNi9ynawpt1k02aC5qT4oqsvpBD4Pcx46eiBaAcOCH5AKFFAM_Rbv0wMw1oXB26rTA1_0YFaJTnsCPgvwUgzrmm5wwbhZN2FPxNtLeDKO87x9PNWMqFeawBOnv2cibdP3V71lk0wYXQMvGjFIAF4lZ3MjBldPGNWdYt14DapgDTiWHBLo1sbDIfaM7ZNossV_sQQILvnfm8aHgUzJw2LhzZDcyNSsvP8gMCH5sHv80msPfqSbquyKyilUo-3S4YIm2a8fMpAYtRdVZ6Q60JrNoIQ-bfkXHK2kSsIxslM4sXPp3jZqfloT2K4ELjHIZcblx1bBKI9jYMlcCORHZRAResf-pF0N6TW32tpVINJupnpHxc4ZQQbRZyD5EeB8ojwMtF9eKm4G5s4u7A_qTqEdx2Y7Sc4RGnktupx9VRJXYcvJ6jiyrSkpB2PuVi4cQPxryEoIJ8mrc3G8ymb_ERR2EOSxWNE8s3f_IefSSudROYEadXybxBLWeoeoGdM_bY78zD74lXRmxJCNHio1qQb3py2HXMDIWY1vygX3j_pApNSr7w89yI0af70DyYphuf8Ouzf7MwneHQEvrhJAc39jFBgOEqgHV40b6XFMXcm-qizdB5iw5OJFvSQ-ocSu-4kPH7taiw0U_5KTzktrhHxbkjzwXdz5sqzvQjzZv47JAdTTuAIVGBs8alaRInXHj8sN35DD4d-vq6YjP8cL75ycR3QTarJ"	"10.1093/geront/gnu014"	"Adaptation
Environment
Independence
Mobility
Self-identity
Social connection
Aged
Aging/*psychology
*Health Status
Humans
*Mobility Limitation
*Perception
*Qualitative Research"	"PURPOSE OF THE STUDY: Optimal mobility is an important element of healthy aging. Yet, older adults' perceptions of mobility and mobility preservation are not well understood. The purposes of our study were to (a) identify studies that report older adults' perceptions of mobility, (b) conduct a standardized methodological quality assessment, and (c) conduct a metasynthesis of the identified studies. DESIGN AND METHODS: We included studies with community-dwelling adults aged ≥65 years, focused on perceptions of mobility pertaining to everyday functioning, used qualitative methods, and were cited in PubMed, Embase, CINAHLPlus, or Geobase databases. Study quality was appraised using the McMaster University Tool. RESULTS: Out of 748 studies identified, 12 met inclusion criteria. Overall quality of the studies was variable. Metasynthesis produced 3 overarching themes: (a) mobility is part of sense of self and feeling whole, (b) assisted mobility is fundamental to living, and (c) adaptability is key to moving forward. IMPLICATIONS: Older adults' perceptions of mobility can inform interventions that would involve actively planning for future mobility needs and enhance the acceptance of the changes, both to the older adult and the perceived response to changes by those around them."
"Journal Article"	"L. J. Meltzer; J. A. Mindell"	"2014"	"Systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioral interventions for pediatric insomnia"	"Journal of pediatric psychology"	"39"	"8"	"932-948"	"Centre for Reviews and Dissemination (UK)"	"York (UK)"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24947271
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK248156/"	"10.1093/jpepsy/jsu041"	"bedtime problems
behavioral insomnia of childhood
behavioral treatment
insomnia
night wakings
pediatric insomnia
treatment
Adolescent
Behavior Therapy/*methods
Child
Female
Humans
Male
Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders/psychology/*therapy
Treatment Outcome"	"OBJECTIVE: To evaluate and quantify the evidence for behavioral interventions for pediatric insomnia. METHODS: Meta-analysis of 16 controlled trials and qualitative analysis of 12 within-subject studies were conducted (total n = 2,560). RESULTS: Meta-analysis found significant effects for four specified sleep outcomes: sleep-onset latency, number of night wakings, and duration of night wakings, and sleep efficiency, with small to large effect sizes across the controlled clinical trials involving typical children. No significant effects were found for the two studies conducted with special needs populations. Finally, within-subjects studies demonstrated significant effects for all sleep outcomes with large effect sizes. Risk of bias assessment and GRADE ratings of the quality of the evidence are described. CONCLUSION: Moderate-level evidence supports behavioral interventions for pediatric insomnia in young children. However, low evidence for children, adolescents, and those with special needs (due to a lack of studies that met inclusion criteria) highlights the need for future research."
"Journal Article"	"T. Shi; D. A. McAllister; K. L. O'Brien; E. A. F. Simoes; S. A. Madhi; B. D. Gessner; F. P. Polack; E. Balsells; S. Acacio; C. Aguayo; I. Alassani; A. Ali; M. Antonio; S. Awasthi; J. O. Awori; E. Azziz-Baumgartner; H. C. Baggett; V. L. Baillie; A. Balmaseda; A. Barahona; S. Basnet; Q. Bassat; W. Basualdo; G. Bigogo; L. Bont; R. F. Breiman; W. A. Brooks; S. Broor; N. Bruce; D. Bruden; P. Buchy; S. Campbell; P. Carosone-Link; M. Chadha; J. Chipeta; M. Chou; W. Clara; C. Cohen; E. de Cuellar; D.-A. Dang; B. Dash-Yandag; M. Deloria-Knoll; M. Dherani; T. Eap; B. E. Ebruke; M. Echavarria; C. C. de Freitas Lázaro Emediato; R. A. Fasce; D. R. Feikin; L. Feng; A. Gentile; A. Gordon; D. Goswami; S. Goyet; M. Groome; N. Halasa; S. Hirve; N. Homaira; S. R. C. Howie; J. Jara; I. Jroundi; C. B. Kartasasmita; N. Khuri-Bulos; K. L. Kotloff; A. Krishnan; R. Libster; O. Lopez; M. G. Lucero; F. Lucion; S. P. Lupisan; D. N. Marcone; J. P. McCracken; M. Mejia; J. C. Moisi; J. M. Montgomery; D. P. Moore; C. Moraleda; J. Moyes; P. Munywoki; K. Mutyara; M. P. Nicol; D. J. Nokes; P. Nymadawa; M. T. da Costa Oliveira; H. Oshitani; N. Pandey; G. Paranhos-Baccalà; L. N. Phillips; V. S. Picot; M. Rahman; M. Rakoto-Andrianarivelo; Z. A. Rasmussen; B. A. Rath; A. Robinson; C. Romero; G. Russomando; V. Salimi; P. Sawatwong; N. Scheltema; B. Schweiger; J. A. G. Scott; P. Seidenberg; K. Shen; R. Singleton; V. Sotomayor; T. A. Strand; A. Sutanto; M. Sylla; M. D. Tapia; S. Thamthitiwat; E. D. Thomas; R. Tokarz; C. Turner; M. Venter; S. Waicharoen; J. Wang; W. Watthanaworawit; L.-M. Yoshida; H. Yu; H. J. Zar; H. Campbell; H. Nair; R. S. V. G. E. Network"	"2017"	"Global, regional, and national disease burden estimates of acute lower respiratory infections due to respiratory syncytial virus in young children in 2015: a systematic review and modelling study"	"Lancet (London, England)"	"390"	"10098"	"946-958"	"Elsevier"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28689664
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5592248/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5592248/pdf/main.pdf"	"10.1016/S0140-6736(17)30938-8"	"Child, Preschool
Developing Countries
Global Health
Hospital Mortality
Hospitalization/*statistics & numerical data
Humans
Incidence
Infant
Infant, Newborn
*Models, Statistical
Respiratory Syncytial Viruses/*isolation & purification
Respiratory Tract Infections/*epidemiology
Risk Factors"	"BACKGROUND: We have previously estimated that respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) was associated with 22% of all episodes of (severe) acute lower respiratory infection (ALRI) resulting in 55 000 to 199 000 deaths in children younger than 5 years in 2005. In the past 5 years, major research activity on RSV has yielded substantial new data from developing countries. With a considerably expanded dataset from a large international collaboration, we aimed to estimate the global incidence, hospital admission rate, and mortality from RSV-ALRI episodes in young children in 2015. METHODS: We estimated the incidence and hospital admission rate of RSV-associated ALRI (RSV-ALRI) in children younger than 5 years stratified by age and World Bank income regions from a systematic review of studies published between Jan 1, 1995, and Dec 31, 2016, and unpublished data from 76 high quality population-based studies. We estimated the RSV-ALRI incidence for 132 developing countries using a risk factor-based model and 2015 population estimates. We estimated the in-hospital RSV-ALRI mortality by combining in-hospital case fatality ratios with hospital admission estimates from hospital-based (published and unpublished) studies. We also estimated overall RSV-ALRI mortality by identifying studies reporting monthly data for ALRI mortality in the community and RSV activity. FINDINGS: We estimated that globally in 2015, 33·1 million (uncertainty range [UR] 21·6-50·3) episodes of RSV-ALRI, resulted in about 3·2 million (2·7-3·8) hospital admissions, and 59 600 (48 000-74 500) in-hospital deaths in children younger than 5 years. In children younger than 6 months, 1·4 million (UR 1·2-1·7) hospital admissions, and 27 300 (UR 20 700-36 200) in-hospital deaths were due to RSV-ALRI. We also estimated that the overall RSV-ALRI mortality could be as high as 118 200 (UR 94 600-149 400). Incidence and mortality varied substantially from year to year in any given population. INTERPRETATION: Globally, RSV is a common cause of childhood ALRI and a major cause of hospital admissions in young children, resulting in a substantial burden on health-care services. About 45% of hospital admissions and in-hospital deaths due to RSV-ALRI occur in children younger than 6 months. An effective maternal RSV vaccine or monoclonal antibody could have a substantial effect on disease burden in this age group. FUNDING: The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation."
"Journal Article"	"A. F. Chou; J. Mulvihill; C. Kaye; S. Mann; M. S. Williams; L. Williamson"	"2019"	"Developing a genetic services assessment tool to inform quality improvement efforts in state genetic service delivery"	"Genetics in medicine : official journal of the American College of Medical Genetics"	"21"	"4"	"955-964"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30214070
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41436-018-0141-2"	"10.1038/s41436-018-0141-2"	"*evaluation
*genetics
*public health
*quality improvement
*quality measurement
Delivery of Health Care/*standards
Delphi Technique
Genetic Services/*standards
Guidelines as Topic
Humans
Quality Improvement/*standards
United States/epidemiology"	"PURPOSE: The Institute of Medicine recommended the utilization of metrics to improve quality in health care, although they have rarely been used in genetics. This study developed and tested a set of metrics for a quality assessment tool for genetic services METHODS: A systematic review of literature, guidelines, and consensus statements identified candidate measures for a possible assessment tool. An expert panel conducted a modified Delphi technique to rank the metrics. Ratings were computed to generate a score for each metric, creating a set of metrics for consensus discussions, pilot testing, and feasibility testing in eight Midwestern states. RESULTS: The panel reduced 61 candidate metrics to 21 for pilot testing in two states, which further limited and refined the set to 16 metrics. These 16 were categorized into five domains: service capacity, access to care, data systems, performance reporting, and workforce. Further feasibility testing in one Regional Genetics Collaborative identified the tool's usefulness and barriers to implementation. CONCLUSIONS: These quality metrics for both clinical and public health genetics across the lifespan may help medical professionals and policymakers evaluate quality and cost-effectiveness of genetic services on a statewide basis and stimulate outcome-oriented, health services research in medical genetics and genomics."
"Journal Article"	"R. B. McQueen; D. N. Sheehan; M. D. Whittington; J. F. M. van Boven; J. D. Campbell"	"2018"	"Cost-Effectiveness of Biological Asthma Treatments: A Systematic Review and Recommendations for Future Economic Evaluations"	"PharmacoEconomics"	"36"	"8"	"957-971"		"New Zealand"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29736895
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs40273-018-0658-x"	"10.1007/s40273-018-0658-x"	"Anti-Asthmatic Agents/economics/therapeutic use
Asthma/drug therapy/*economics
Biological Therapy/*economics
Cost-Benefit Analysis/*methods/standards
Humans"	"BACKGROUND: Recently developed asthma biological therapies have been shown to provide relief for severe asthma patients not controlled by inhaled treatment. Given the relatively high costs of biological therapies, cost-effectiveness analyses (CEAs) may be required as a prerequisite for coverage and reimbursement. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to systematically review published literature on the economic impact of biological asthma therapies and to identify key drivers that impact cost-effectiveness in order to provide recommendations for future economic evaluations. METHODS: We conducted a systematic literature search in PubMed and Google Scholar. We included studies that assessed the cost-effectiveness of asthma biologics and were published in English between 2000 and 2018. The Quality of Health Economic Studies (QHES) instrument was used to evaluate quality. RESULTS: Twenty asthma biological CEAs were identified. Nineteen studies analyzed the cost-effectiveness of omalizumab, and one study analyzed mepolizumab. Ten studies concluded that omalizumab was cost-effective in base-case scenarios, four studies concluded omalizumab was not cost-effective, and the remaining studies concluded omalizumab or mepolizumab was cost-effective only when targeted to specific severe subgroups or given considerable price discounts. Key drivers of cost-effectiveness included day-to-day health-related quality of life (HRQoL), asthma-related mortality, acquisition price of the biological therapy, and time horizon. CONCLUSIONS: Most studies recommended carefully targeting biological therapy to specific populations such as responders or discounting acquisition price in order to further improve value. The quality of the studies was generally satisfactory, but improved evidence is needed linking HRQoL to utilities as well as understanding interventions' impact on asthma-related mortality. Key recommendations from this review may allow for greater comparability across future cost-effectiveness studies."
"Journal Article"	"J. L. Huberty; J. Matthews; J. Leiferman; J. Hermer; J. Cacciatore"	"2017"	"When a Baby Dies: A Systematic Review of Experimental Interventions for Women After Stillbirth"	"Reproductive sciences (Thousand Oaks, Calif.)"	"24"	"7"	"967-975"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27688245"	"10.1177/1933719116670518"	"*interventions
*perinatal loss
*stillbirth
*women’s health
Female
Health Status
Humans
Mothers/*psychology
Pregnancy
Stillbirth/*psychology
*Women's Health"	"OBJECTIVES: To identify and evaluate intervention studies (ie, experimental study in which the participants undergo some kind of intervention in order to evaluate its impact) that target mental and/or physical health outcomes in women who have experienced stillbirth and to provide specific recommendations for future research and intervention work. METHODS: A librarian conducted an initial search using CINAHL, Cochrane Library, PsycInfo, PubMed, SocIndex, and Web of Knowledge in the spring of 2016. Reference mining provided further articles. Articles were eligible if they were: (1) published in English, (2) published in a peer-reviewed journal, (3) published in 1980 or later, (4) an intervention that evaluated (qualitative or quantitative methods) mental and/or physical health, and (5) included women who had experienced a stillbirth (in utero fetal death at ≥20 weeks of gestation). RESULTS: The combined searches produced 2733 articles (including duplicates). After duplicate articles were removed (n = 928), the research team screened the titles, abstracts, and full texts (when necessary) for eligibility (n = 1805). Two articles were identified that met our eligibility criteria. Conclusion for Practice: There is a lack of intervention research in women with stillbirth. It is imperative to develop and implement interventions to improve both mental and physical health in this population, especially in the interconception period (ie, stillbirth aftercare). Future intervention research is needed to determine appropriate support and efficacious delivery of support interventions, feasibility and effectiveness of physical activity interventions and complementary approaches, appropriate timing and dose of interventions, and culturally sensitive interventions appropriate for racial/ethnic minority women with stillbirth."
"Journal Article"	"M. S. Ali; J. Sethi; A. Taneja; A. Musani; F. Maldonado"	"2018"	"Computed Tomography Bronchus Sign and the Diagnostic Yield of Guided Bronchoscopy for Peripheral Pulmonary Lesions. A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Annals of the American Thoracic Society"	"15"	"8"	"978-987"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29877715"	"10.1513/AnnalsATS.201711-856OC"	"*ENB
*VB
*endobronchial ultrasound
*lung neoplasm"	"RATIONALE: Indeterminate peripheral pulmonary lesions (PPLs) often require tissue diagnosis. If nonsurgical biopsy techniques are considered, deciding between bronchoscopic transbronchial versus computed tomography-guided transthoracic biopsy can be difficult. The former has a low diagnostic yield with a low complication risk, whereas the latter has a better diagnostic yield but a higher complication rate. Investigators have looked at various lesion characteristics that can predict the diagnostic yield of guided bronchoscopic biopsies. Although consensus exists that larger size and proximity to the hilum increase the diagnostic yield, there is ongoing debate about the association between computed tomography bronchus sign (air-filled bronchus in close proximity of the lesion as seen on computed tomography imaging) and the diagnostic yield of guided bronchoscopic modalities. OBJECTIVES: To perform a meta-analysis and systematic review, determining the association between computed tomography bronchus sign and the diagnostic yield of guided bronchoscopy for PPLs. METHODS: MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched in January 2018 for guided bronchoscopy studies that had assessed the impact of computed tomography bronchus sign on the diagnostic yield. The quality of included studies was assessed using Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies-2 tool. Meta-analysis was performed using MedCalc (version 18). Odds ratios were used to compare yield of lesions with and without bronchus sign. Random effects model was used when significant heterogeneity was observed (I(2) > 40%). RESULTS: For 2,199 lesions with computed tomography bronchus sign, the overall weighted diagnostic yield was 74.1% (95% confidence interval, 68.3-79.5%). For 971 lesions without computed tomography bronchus sign, the overall weighted diagnostic yield was 49.6% (95% confidence interval, 39.6-59.5%). The odds ratio for successfully diagnosing a lesion with computed tomography bronchus sign was 3.4 (95% confidence interval, 2.4-5.0). Possible sources of heterogeneity in the meta-analysis included differences in study designs, guidance modalities, and cancer prevalence. The odds ratio for successfully diagnosing a lesion with computed tomography bronchus sign was relatively lower for prospective studies. CONCLUSIONS: PPLs with computed tomography bronchus sign are more likely to be diagnosed with guided bronchoscopy than the lesions without computed tomography bronchus sign. Clinicians should consider this, along with the lesion size and distance from the hilum, when contemplating guided bronchoscopy for PPLs."
"Journal Article"	"M. Panagioti; P. Bower; E. Kontopantelis; K. Lovell; S. Gilbody; W. Waheed; C. Dickens; J. Archer; G. Simon; K. Ell; J. C. Huffman; D. A. Richards; C. van der Feltz-Cornelis; D. A. Adler; M. Bruce; M. Buszewicz; M. G. Cole; K. W. Davidson; P. de Jonge; J. Gensichen; K. Huijbregts; M. Menchetti; V. Patel; B. Rollman; J. Shaffer; M. C. Zijlstra-Vlasveld; P. A. Coventry"	"2016"	"Association Between Chronic Physical Conditions and the Effectiveness of Collaborative Care for Depression: An Individual Participant Data Meta-analysis"	"JAMA psychiatry"	"73"	"9"	"978-989"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27602561
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/articlepdf/2545074/yoi160052.pdf"	"10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2016.1794"	"Adolescent
Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Anxiety Disorders/epidemiology/psychology/therapy
Chronic Disease/epidemiology/*psychology/*therapy
Comorbidity
Depressive Disorder/epidemiology/*psychology/*therapy
Female
Humans
*Interdisciplinary Communication
*Intersectoral Collaboration
Male
Middle Aged
*Patient Care Team
Primary Health Care
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Treatment Outcome
Young Adult"	"IMPORTANCE: Collaborative care is an intensive care model involving several health care professionals working together, typically a physician, a case manager, and a mental health professional. Meta-analyses of aggregate data have shown that collaborative care is particularly effective in people with depression and comorbid chronic physical conditions. However, only participant-level analyses can rigorously test whether the treatment effect is influenced by participant characteristics, such as chronic physical conditions. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether the effectiveness of collaborative care for depression is moderated by the presence, type, and number of chronic physical conditions. DATA SOURCES: Data were obtained from MEDLINE, EMBASE, PubMed, PsycINFO, CINAHL Complete, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and references from relevant systematic reviews. The search and collection of eligible studies was ongoing until May 22, 2015. STUDY SELECTION: This was an update to a previous meta-analysis. Two independent reviewers were involved in the study selection process. Randomized clinical trials that compared the effectiveness of collaborative care with usual care in adults with depression and reported measured changes in depression severity symptoms at 4 to 6 months after randomization were included in the analysis. Key search terms included depression, dysthymia, anxiety, panic, phobia, obsession, compulsion, posttraumatic, care management, case management, collaborative care, enhanced care, and managed care. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Individual participant data on baseline demographics and chronic physical conditions as well as baseline and follow-up depression severity symptoms were requested from authors of the eligible studies. One-step meta-analysis of individual participant data using appropriate mixed-effects models was performed. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Continuous outcomes of depression severity symptoms measured using self-reported or observer-rated measures. RESULTS: Data sets from 31 randomized clinical trials including 36 independent comparisons (N = 10 962 participants) were analyzed. Individual participant data analyses found no significant interaction effects, indicating that the presence (interaction coefficient, 0.02 [95% CI, -0.10 to 0.13]), numbers (interaction coefficient, 0.01 [95% CI, -0.01 to 0.02]), and types of chronic physical conditions do not influence the treatment effect. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: There is evidence that collaborative care is effective for people with depression alone and also for people with depression and chronic physical conditions. Existing guidance that recommends limiting collaborative care to people with depression and physical comorbidities is not supported by this individual participant data meta-analysis."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Kraeutler; J. W. Belk; J. M. Purcell; E. C. McCarty"	"2018"	"Microfracture Versus Autologous Chondrocyte Implantation for Articular Cartilage Lesions in the Knee: A Systematic Review of 5-Year Outcomes"	"The American journal of sports medicine"	"46"	"4"	"995-999"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28423287"	"10.1177/0363546517701912"	"articular cartilage
autologous chondrocyte implantation
focal chondral defects
microfracture
Cartilage Diseases/surgery
Cartilage, Articular/*surgery
Chondrocytes/*transplantation
Humans
Knee Injuries/surgery
Knee Joint/*surgery
Magnetic Resonance Imaging/methods
Orthopedic Procedures/methods
Osteoarthritis, Knee/surgery
Periosteum/surgery
Transplantation, Autologous/methods"	"BACKGROUND: Microfracture (MFx) and autologous chondrocyte implantation (ACI) are 2 surgical treatment options used to treat articular cartilage injuries of the knee joint. PURPOSE: To compare the midterm to long-term clinical outcomes of MFx versus ACI for focal chondral defects of the knee. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, the Cochrane Library, and Embase to locate studies (level of evidence I-III) comparing the minimum average 5-year clinical outcomes of patients undergoing MFx versus ACI. Search terms used were "knee," "microfracture," "autologous chondrocyte implantation," and "autologous chondrocyte transplantation." Patients were evaluated based on treatment failure rates, magnetic resonance imaging, and patient-reported outcome scores (Lysholm, Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score [KOOS], and Tegner scores). RESULTS: Five studies (3 level I evidence, 2 level II evidence) were identified that met the inclusion criteria, including a total of 210 patients (211 lesions) undergoing MFx and 189 patients (189 lesions) undergoing ACI. The average follow-up among all studies was 7.0 years. Four studies utilized first-generation, periosteum-based ACI (P-ACI), and 1 study utilized third-generation, matrix-associated ACI (M-ACI). Treatment failure occurred in 18.5% of patients undergoing ACI and 17.1% of patients undergoing MFx ( P = .70). Lysholm and KOOS scores were found to improve for both groups across studies, without a significant difference in improvement between the groups. The only significant difference in patient-reported outcome scores was found in the 1 study using M-ACI in which Tegner scores improved to a significantly greater extent in the ACI group compared with the MFx group ( P = .003). CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing MFx or first/third-generation ACI for articular cartilage lesions in the knee can be expected to experience improvement in clinical outcomes at midterm to long-term follow-up without any significant difference between the groups."
"Journal Article"	"C. K. McIlvennan; K. H. Magid; A. V. Ambardekar; J. S. Thompson; D. D. Matlock; L. A. Allen"	"2014"	"Clinical outcomes after continuous-flow left ventricular assist device: a systematic review"	"Circulation. Heart failure"	"7"	"6"	"1003-1013"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25294625
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4241134/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4241134/pdf/nihms634149.pdf"	"10.1161/CIRCHEARTFAILURE.114.001391"	"heart failure
heart-assist devices
Assisted Circulation/methods
Heart Failure/*therapy
*Heart-Assist Devices/adverse effects
Humans
Prosthesis Design
Quality of Life
Registries
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Conveying the complex trade-offs of continuous-flow left ventricular assist devices is challenging and made more difficult by absence of an evidence summary for the full range of possible outcomes. We aimed to summarize the current evidence on outcomes of continuous-flow left ventricular assist devices. METHODS AND RESULTS: PubMed and Cochrane Library were searched from January 2007 to December 2013, supplemented with manual review. Three reviewers independently assessed each study for saliency on patient-centered outcomes. Data were summarized in tabular form. Overall study characteristics encouraged inclusion of all indications (destination therapy and bridge to transplant) and prevented meta-analysis. The electronic search identified 465 abstracts, of which 50 met inclusion criteria; manual review added 2 articles in press. The articles included 10 industry-funded trials and registries, 10 multicenter reports, and the remainder single-center observational experiences. Estimated actuarial survival after continuous-flow left ventricular assist devices ranged from 56% to 87% at 1 year, 43% to 84% at 2 years, and 47% at 4 years. Improvements in functional class and quality of life were reported, but missing data complicated interpretation. Adverse events were experienced by the majority of patients, but estimates for bleeding, stroke, infection, right heart failure, arrhythmias, and rehospitalizations varied greatly. CONCLUSIONS: The totality of data for continuous-flow left ventricular assist devices show consistent improvements in survival and quality of life counterbalanced by a range of common complications. Although this summary should provide a practical resource for healthcare provider-led discussions with patients, it highlights the critical need for high-quality patient-centered data collected with standard definitions."
"Journal Article"	"A. Serpa Neto; S. N. T. Hemmes; C. S. V. Barbas; M. Beiderlinden; A. Fernandez-Bustamante; E. Futier; M. W. Hollmann; S. Jaber; A. Kozian; M. Licker; W.-Q. Lin; P. Moine; F. Scavonetto; T. Schilling; G. Selmo; P. Severgnini; J. Sprung; T. Treschan; C. Unzueta; T. N. Weingarten; E. K. Wolthuis; H. Wrigge; M. Gama de Abreu; P. Pelosi; M. J. Schultz; P. N. investigators"	"2014"	"Incidence of mortality and morbidity related to postoperative lung injury in patients who have undergone abdominal or thoracic surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"The Lancet. Respiratory medicine"	"2"	"12"	"1007-1015"	"Centre for Reviews and Dissemination (UK)"	"York (UK)"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25466352
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK291788/"	"10.1016/S2213-2600(14)70228-0"	"Abdomen/*surgery
Aged
Female
Humans
Length of Stay
Lung Injury/etiology/*mortality/therapy
Male
Middle Aged
Positive-Pressure Respiration/mortality
Postoperative Complications/etiology/mortality
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Thoracic Surgical Procedures/*adverse effects/mortality"	"BACKGROUND: Lung injury is a serious complication of surgery. We did a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess whether incidence, morbidity, and in-hospital mortality associated with postoperative lung injury are affected by type of surgery and whether outcomes are dependent on type of ventilation. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, CINAHL, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for observational studies and randomised controlled trials published up to April, 2014, comparing lung-protective mechanical ventilation with conventional mechanical ventilation during abdominal or thoracic surgery in adults. Individual patients' data were assessed. Attributable mortality was calculated by subtracting the in-hospital mortality of patients without postoperative lung injury from that of patients with postoperative lung injury. FINDINGS: We identified 12 investigations involving 3365 patients. The total incidence of postoperative lung injury was similar for abdominal and thoracic surgery (3·4% vs 4·3%, p=0·198). Patients who developed postoperative lung injury were older, had higher American Society of Anesthesiology scores and prevalence of sepsis or pneumonia, more frequently had received blood transfusions during surgery, and received ventilation with higher tidal volumes, lower positive end-expiratory pressure levels, or both, than patients who did not. Patients with postoperative lung injury spent longer in intensive care (8·0 [SD 12·4] vs 1·1 [3·7] days, p<0·0001) and hospital (20·9 [18·1] vs 14·7 [14·3] days, p<0·0001) and had higher in-hospital mortality (20·3% vs 1·4% p<0·0001) than those without injury. Overall attributable mortality for postoperative lung injury was 19% (95% CI 18-19), and differed significantly between abdominal and thoracic surgery patients (12·2%, 95% CI 12·0-12·6 vs 26·5%, 26·2-27·0, p=0·0008). The risk of in-hospital mortality was independent of ventilation strategy (adjusted HR 0·71, 95% CI 0·41-1·22). INTERPRETATION: Postoperative lung injury is associated with increases in in-hospital mortality and durations of stay in intensive care and hospital. Attributable mortality due to postoperative lung injury is higher after thoracic surgery than after abdominal surgery. Lung-protective mechanical ventilation strategies reduce incidence of postoperative lung injury but does not improve mortality. FUNDING: None."
"Journal Article"	"R. Mallick; S. K. Patnaik; S. Wani; A. Bansal"	"2016"	"A Systematic Review of Esophageal MicroRNA Markers for Diagnosis and Monitoring of Barrett's Esophagus"	"Digestive diseases and sciences"	"61"	"4"	"1039-1050"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26572780"	"10.1007/s10620-015-3959-3"	"Barrett’s esophagus
Esophageal adenocarcinoma
Gastroesophageal reflux disease
MicroRNA
Adenocarcinoma/etiology/*metabolism
Barrett Esophagus/complications/diagnosis/*metabolism
Biomarkers/metabolism
Esophageal Neoplasms/etiology/*metabolism
Humans
MicroRNAs/*metabolism"	"BACKGROUND: Esophageal epithelial microRNAs may be used to diagnose Barrett's esophagus (BE) and possibly monitor its progression to esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC). AIMS: We reviewed studies that have investigated this to identify microRNAs with high biomarker potential for screening and disease monitoring in BE. METHODS: PubMed and EMBASE databases were searched for studies that quantified esophageal epithelial microRNAs. Publications reporting microRNA comparisons of normal, non-dysplastic BE, BE with high-grade dysplasia (HGD), and EAC tissues using both unbiased discovery and independent validation phases were reviewed. RESULTS: Eleven studies on microRNA expression differences between normal epithelium and non-dysplastic BE (seven studies), HGD (4) or EAC (7), or between non-dysplastic BE and HGD (3) or EAC (6) were identified, and the findings of their validation phase were analyzed. Increased miR-192, -194, and -215, and reduced miR-203 and -205 expression in BE compared to normal was noticed by all 4-6 of the seven studies that examined these microRNAs. In heterogeneity tests of the reported fold-change values, the I (2) statistics were 7.9-17.1 % (all P < 0.05). Elevated miR-192, -194, and -215, and diminished miR-203 and -205 levels were also noted for comparisons of HGD or EAC against normal. In contrast, a consistent microRNA expression difference was absent for the comparisons of HGD or EAC against BE. CONCLUSIONS: MicroRNAs miR-192, -194, -203, -205, and -215 are promising tissue biomarkers for diagnosing BE. Cross-sectional data suggest that microRNAs may have a limited role in separating BE from HGD/EAC epithelia but need further testing in longitudinal follow-up studies."
"Journal Article"	"A. Mahajerin; B. R. Branchford; E. K. Amankwah; L. Raffini; E. Chalmers; C. H. van Ommen; N. A. Goldenberg"	"2015"	"Hospital-associated venous thromboembolism in pediatrics: a systematic review and meta-analysis of risk factors and risk-assessment models"	"Haematologica"	"100"	"8"	"1045-1050"	"Ferrata Storti Foundation"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26001789
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5004420/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5004420/pdf/1001045.pdf"	"10.3324/haematol.2015.123455"	"Case-Control Studies
Child
Hospital Mortality
Humans
*Iatrogenic Disease
Incidence
Odds Ratio
*Pediatrics
Prevalence
Risk Assessment
Risk Factors
Venous Thromboembolism/*epidemiology/*etiology"	"Hospital-associated venous thromboembolism, including deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, is increasing in pediatric centers. The objective of this work was to systematically review literature on pediatric hospital-acquired venous thromboembolism risk factors and risk-assessment models, to inform future prevention research. We conducted a literature search on pediatric venous thromboembolism risk via PubMed (1946-2014) and Embase (1980-2014). Data on risk factors and risk-assessment models were extracted from case-control studies, while prevalence data on clinical characteristics were obtained from registries, large (n>40) retrospective case series, and cohort studies. Meta-analyses were conducted for risk factors or clinical characteristics reported in at least three studies. Heterogeneity among studies was assessed with the Cochran Q test and quantified by the I(2) statistic. From 394 initial articles, 60 met the final inclusion criteria (20 case-control studies and 40 registries/large case series/cohort studies). Significant risk factors among case-control studies were: intensive care unit stay (OR: 2.14, 95% CI: 1.97-2.32); central venous catheter (OR: 2.12, 95% CI: 2.00-2.25); mechanical ventilation (OR: 1.56, 95%CI: 1.42-1.72); and length of stay in hospital (per each additional day, OR: 1.03, 95% CI: 1.03-1.03). Three studies developed/applied risk-assessment models from a combination of these risk factors. Fourteen significant clinical characteristics were identified through non-case-control studies. This meta-analysis confirms central venous catheter, intensive care unit stay, mechanical ventilation, and length of stay as risk factors. A few pediatric hospital-acquired venous thromboembolism risk scores have emerged employing these factors. Prospective validation is necessary to inform risk-stratified prevention trials."
"Journal Article"	"A. Heinemann; J. Raad; V. Akuthota; N. Segal; K. P. Nitsch; M. Rho; L. Chan; E. Casey; J. Press; G. Sowa; J. Moore"	"2017"	"Scoping review to develop common data elements for lumbar spinal stenosis"	"The spine journal : official journal of the North American Spine Society"	"17"	"7"	"1045-1057"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28434926"	"10.1016/j.spinee.2017.04.005"	"*Clinical assessment
*Common data element
*International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health
*Lower back pain
*Lumbar spinal stenosis
*Outcome measure
Common Data Elements/*standards
*Disability Evaluation
Humans
International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health
Lumbosacral Region/pathology
Spinal Stenosis/classification/*pathology"	"BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Common data elements (CDE) represent an important tool for understanding and classifying health outcomes across settings. Although CDEs have been developed for a number of disorders, to date CDEs for lumbar spinal stenosis (LSS) have not been fully developed. To facilitate the identification of CDEs and measures to assess them, this technical study leverages the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF), peer-reviewed research, and a panel of experts to identify CDEs specific to LSS. PURPOSE: The study aimed to define CDEs for disease characteristics and outcomes of LSS using the World Health Organization's ICF taxonomy, and to facilitate the selection of assessment instruments for research and clinical care. DESIGN: This is a scoping review using a modified Delphi approach with a technical expert panel composed of clinicians and scientists representing the academia, policy and advocacy stakeholders, and professional associations with expertise in LSS. METHODS: This is a scoping review to identify measures that assess LSS symptoms. Thirty-one subject matter experts (SMEs) prioritized ICF codes and evaluated instruments measuring specific domains. We used a modified Delphi technique to evaluate item-level content and achieve consensus. RESULTS: SMEs prioritized 53 ICF codes; 3 received 100% endorsement, 27 received ≥90% endorsement, whereas the remaining 23 received ≥80% endorsement. Prioritized ICF codes represent diverse domains, including pain, activities and participation, and emotional well-being. The review yielded 58 instruments; we retained 24 for content analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The retained instruments adequately represent the ICFs activities and participation, and body function domains. Body structure and environmental factors were assessed infrequently. Adoption of these CDEs may guide clinical decision making and facilitate comparative effectiveness trials for interventions focused on LSS."
"Journal Article"	"A. Wieland; D. N. Frank; B. Harnke; K. Bambha"	"2015"	"Systematic review: microbial dysbiosis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease"	"Alimentary pharmacology & therapeutics"	"42"	"9"	"1051-1063"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26304302"	"10.1111/apt.13376"	"Animals
Dysbiosis/*microbiology
Humans
Intestines/*microbiology
Metagenome
*Microbiota
Models, Animal
Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease/*microbiology/*physiopathology"	"BACKGROUND: The human intestinal microbiota is a key regulator of host metabolic and immune functions and alterations in the microbiome ('dysbiosis') have been implicated in several human diseases. Because of the anatomical links between the intestines and the liver, dysbiosis may also disrupt hepatic function and thereby contribute to the pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). AIM: To perform a comprehensive review of the medical literature investigating associations between intestinal dysbiosis and NAFLD, with a particular emphasis on studies that characterise the microbiome in NAFLD. METHODS: We conducted a search of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science using multiple search terms including: 'NAFLD, NASH, fatty liver, steatohepatitis' combined with 'metagenome, microbiom*, microbiota*, fecal flora, intestinal flora, gut bacteria'. Results were manually reviewed and studies selected based on relevance to intestinal microbiota and NAFLD. We also included studies that addressed potential mechanistic models of pathways linking the dysbiosis to NAFLD. RESULTS: Nine studies (five human and four animal models) were identified in our search that assessed associations between specific intestinal microbiota composition and NAFLD. We reviewed and summarised the results of additional investigations that more broadly addressed the mechanisms by which the microbiome may impact NAFLD pathogenesis. CONCLUSIONS: Investigations in humans and animals demonstrate associations between intestinal dysbiosis and NAFLD; however, causality has not been proven and mechanistic links require further delineation. As the field of microbiome research matures in techniques and study design, more detailed insights into NAFLD pathogenesis and its associations with the intestinal microbiota will be elucidated."
"Journal Article"	"S. Yeatman; J. W. Eaton; Z. Beckles; L. Benton; S. Gregson; B. Zaba"	"2016"	"Impact of ART on the fertility of HIV-positive women in sub-Saharan Africa"	"Tropical medicine & international health : TM & IH"	"21"	"9"	"1071-1085"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27371942
http://spiral.imperial.ac.uk/bitstream/10044/1/34377/4/Yeatman_et_al-2016-Tropical_Medicine_%26_International_Health.pdf"	"10.1111/tmi.12747"	"*Afrique subsaharienne
*HIV
*VIH
*analyse systématique
*antiretroviral therapy
*births
*embarazo
*fertilidad
*fertility
*fertilité
*grossesse
*nacimientos
*naissances
*pregnancy
*revisión sistemática
*sub-Saharan Africa
*systematic review
*terapia antiretroviral
*thérapie antirétrovirale
*África subsahariana
Africa South of the Sahara
Anti-HIV Agents/*pharmacology/therapeutic use
*Delivery of Health Care
Female
Fertility/*drug effects
HIV Infections/*drug therapy
*Health Planning
Humans
Pregnancy
Pregnancy Rate"	"OBJECTIVE: Understanding the fertility of HIV-positive women is critical to estimating HIV epidemic trends from surveillance data and to planning resource needs and coverage of prevention of mother-to-child transmission services in sub-Saharan Africa. In the light of the considerable scale-up in antiretroviral therapy (ART) coverage over the last decade, we conducted a systematic review of the impact of ART on the fertility outcomes of HIV-positive women. METHODS: We searched Medline, Embase, Popline, PubMed and African Index Medicus. Studies were included if they were conducted in sub-Saharan Africa and provided estimates of fertility outcomes (live births or pregnancies) among women on ART relative to a comparison group. RESULTS: Of 2070 unique references, 18 published papers met all eligibility criteria. Comparisons fell into four categories: fertility of HIV-positive women relative to HIV-negative women; fertility of HIV-positive women on ART compared to those not yet on ART; fertility differences by duration on ART; and temporal trends in fertility among HIV-positive women. Evidence indicates that fertility increases after approximately the first year on ART and that while the fertility deficit of HIV-positive women is shrinking, their fertility remains below that of HIV-negative women. These findings, however, were based on limited data mostly during the period 2005-2010 when ART scaled up. CONCLUSIONS: Existing data are insufficient to characterise how ART has affected the fertility of HIV-positive women in sub-Saharan Africa. Improving evidence about fertility among women on ART is an urgent priority for planning HIV resource needs and understanding HIV epidemic trends. Alternative data sources such as antenatal clinic data, general population cohorts and population-based surveys can be harnessed to understand the issue."
"Journal Article"	"S. R. Durham; P. S. Creticos; H. S. Nelson; Z. Li; A. Kaur; E. O. Meltzer; H. Nolte"	"2016"	"Treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy tablets and pharmacotherapies for seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis: Pooled analyses"	"The Journal of allergy and clinical immunology"	"138"	"4"	"1081-1088.e4"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27527264"	"10.1016/j.jaci.2016.04.061"	"*Allergen immunotherapy
*allergic rhinoconjunctivitis
*antihistamine
*grass
*house dust mite
*intranasal corticosteroid
*leukotriene receptor antagonists
*meta-analysis
*ragweed
*sublingual immunotherapy tablet
Ambrosia/immunology
Anti-Allergic Agents/administration & dosage
Humans
Loratadine/administration & dosage/*analogs & derivatives
Mometasone Furoate/*administration & dosage
Phleum/immunology
Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial/*drug therapy/immunology/therapy
Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal/*drug therapy/immunology
*Sublingual Immunotherapy
Tablets/*therapeutic use
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Data comparing the treatment effect of allergy immunotherapy and pharmacotherapy are lacking. OBJECTIVE: We sought to indirectly compare the treatment effect of sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablets with pharmacotherapy for seasonal allergic rhinitis (SAR) and perennial allergic rhinitis (PAR). METHODS: Pooled data from randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials for the clinical development programs of selected allergic rhinitis treatments were evaluated. Total nasal symptom scores (TNSSs) relative to placebo were compared. Subjects scored symptoms daily during entire pollen seasons in 6 timothy grass SLIT-tablet trials (n = 3094) and 2 ragweed SLIT-tablet trials (n = 658) and during the last 8 weeks of treatment in 2 house dust mite (HDM) SLIT-tablet trials (n = 1768). Subjects scored symptoms daily in 7 montelukast (10 mg, n = 6799), 9 desloratadine (5 mg, n = 4455), and 8 mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS; 200 μg daily, n = 2140) SAR or PAR trials. SLIT-tablet trials allowed rescue medication use, whereas most pharmacotherapy trials did not. A fixed-effect meta-analysis method estimated differences in on-treatment average TNSSs. RESULTS: In grass and ragweed SLIT-tablet trials, overall improvement in TNSSs relative to placebo was 16.3% and 17.1%, respectively. In HDM SLIT-tablet trials, TNSS overall improvement relative to placebo was 16.1%. In the montelukast, desloratadine, and MFNS trials, TNSS overall improvement relative to placebo was 5.4%, 8.5%, and 22.2%, respectively, for SAR trials, and 3.7%, 4.8%, and 11.2%, respectively, for PAR trials. CONCLUSIONS: Although comparisons were limited by study design heterogeneity and use of rescue medications in SLIT-tablet trials, effects on nasal symptoms with timothy grass and ragweed SLIT-tablets were nearly as great as with MFNS and numerically greater than with montelukast and desloratadine for SAR. HDM SLIT-tablet effects were numerically greater than all pharmacotherapies for PAR. SLIT-tablets offer the additional benefit of long-term efficacy."
"Journal Article"	"B. J. Qumseya; S. Wani; M. Desai; A. Qumseya; P. Bain; P. Sharma; H. Wolfsen"	"2016"	"Adverse Events After Radiofrequency Ablation in Patients With Barrett's Esophagus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Clinical gastroenterology and hepatology : the official clinical practice journal of the American Gastroenterological Association"	"14"	"8"	"1086-1095.e6"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27068041"	"10.1016/j.cgh.2016.04.001"	"*BE
*Complication
*Endoscopy
*Esophageal
*Risk Factor
Barrett Esophagus/*therapy
Catheter Ablation/*adverse effects
Humans
Incidence"	"BACKGROUND & AIMS: Radiofrequency ablation (RFA) with or without endoscopic mucosal resection (EMR) is routinely used for treatment of Barrett's esophagus with dysplasia. Despite the relative safety of this method, there have been imprecise estimates of the rate of adverse events. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the rate of adverse events associated with RFA with and without EMR. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central through October 22, 2014. The primary outcome of interest was the overall rate of adverse events after RFA with or without EMR. We used forest plots to contrast effect sizes among studies. RESULTS: Of 1521 articles assessed, 37 met our inclusion criteria (comprising 9200 patients). The pooled rate of all adverse events from RFA with or without EMR was 8.8% (95% confidence interval [CI], 6.5%-11.9%); 5.6% of patients developed strictures (95% CI, 4.2%-7.4%), 1% had bleeding (95% CI, 0.8%-1.3%), and 0.6% developed a perforation (95% CI, 0.4%-0.9%). In studies that compared RFA with vs without EMR, the relative risk for adverse events was significantly higher for RFA with EMR (4.4) (P = .015). There was a trend toward higher proportions of adverse events in prospective studies compared with retrospective studies (11.3% vs 7.8%, P = .20). Other factors associated with adverse events included Barrett's esophagus and length and baseline histology. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review and meta-analysis, we found the relative risk for adverse events from RFA to be about 4-fold higher with EMR than without; we identified factors associated with these events. Endoscopists should discuss these risks with patients before endoscopic eradication therapy."
"Journal Article"	"S. Koski; R. L. Gabriels; C. Beresford"	"2016"	"Interventions for paediatric surgery patients with comorbid autism spectrum disorder: a systematic literature review"	"Archives of disease in childhood"	"101"	"12"	"1090-1094"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27226525
https://adc.bmj.com/content/archdischild/101/12/1090.full.pdf"	"10.1136/archdischild-2016-310814"	"*Autism
*Paediatric Surgery
*Perioperative
*autism spectrum disorder
*interventions
Autism Spectrum Disorder/*complications
Caregivers
Child
Child, Preschool
Cooperative Behavior
Humans
Intraoperative Care/*methods/standards
Medical Staff, Hospital
Practice Patterns, Physicians'/statistics & numerical data
Professional-Family Relations
Surgical Procedures, Operative/*methods/standards"	"AIMS: To survey perioperative management practices for paediatric patients diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). METHODS: A systematic review was carried out of empirical studies and case reports published in peer-reviewed journals of current best practices and behavioural interventions for paediatric patients with ASD who had undergone surgery. RESULTS: The final sample included 11 articles published between 1997 and 2016 that met broad inclusion criteria of surveying perioperative interventions for the ASD population. There is broad endorsement across the scant publications on this topic of the following practices: increased attention to individual patient needs, rehearsal and other desensitisation efforts, departure from a sole focus on sedation or restraint of the combative or uncooperative patient and engaging caregivers in tuning perioperative management to individual needs. CONCLUSIONS: This review supports the need for an individualised structure and approach to the perioperative care of these unique patients."
"Journal Article"	"D. R. Howell; R. C. Lynall; T. A. Buckley; D. C. Herman"	"2018"	"Neuromuscular Control Deficits and the Risk of Subsequent Injury after a Concussion: A Scoping Review"	"Sports medicine (Auckland, N.Z.)"	"48"	"5"	"1097-1115"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29453743
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6037312/
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs40279-018-0871-y.pdf"	"10.1007/s40279-018-0871-y"	"*Athletes
Athletic Injuries/*epidemiology
Brain Concussion/*epidemiology
*Gait
Humans
*Postural Balance
Sports"	"An emerging area of research has identified that an increased risk of musculoskeletal injury may exist upon returning to sports after a sport-related concussion. The mechanisms underlying this recently discovered phenomenon, however, remain unknown. One theorized reason for this increased injury risk includes residual neuromuscular control deficits that remain impaired despite clinical recovery. Thus, the objectives of this review were: (1) to summarize the literature examining the relationship between concussion and risk of subsequent injury and (2) to summarize the literature for one mechanism with a theorized association with this increased injury risk, i.e., neuromuscular control deficits observed during gait after concussion under dual-task conditions. Two separate reviews were conducted consistent with both specified objectives. Studies published before 9 December, 2016 were identified using PubMed, Web of Science, and Academic Search Premier (EBSCOhost). Inclusion for the objective 1 search included dependent variables of quantitative measurements of musculoskeletal injury after concussion. Inclusion criteria for the objective 2 search included dependent variables pertaining to gait, dynamic balance control, and dual-task function. A total of 32 studies were included in the two reviews (objective 1 n = 10, objective 2 n = 22). According to a variety of study designs, athletes appear to have an increased risk of sustaining a musculoskeletal injury following a concussion. Furthermore, dual-task neuromuscular control deficits may continue to exist after patients report resolution of concussion symptoms, or perform normally on other clinical concussion tests. Therefore, musculoskeletal injury risk appears to increase following a concussion and persistent motor system and attentional deficits also seem to exist after a concussion. While not yet experimentally tested, these motor system and attentional deficits may contribute to the risk of sustaining a musculoskeletal injury upon returning to full athletic participation."
"Journal Article"	"S. J. Whiting; W. M. Kohrt; M. P. Warren; M. I. Kraenzlin; J. P. Bonjour"	"2016"	"Food fortification for bone health in adulthood: a scoping review"	"European journal of clinical nutrition"	"70"	"10"	"1099-1105"	"Nature Publishing Group"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27026430
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5056988/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5056988/pdf/ejcn201642a.pdf"	"10.1038/ejcn.2016.42"	"Adult
Bone and Bones/*drug effects
Calcium, Dietary/*administration & dosage/pharmacology
Clinical Trials as Topic
Female
*Food, Fortified
Fractures, Bone/prevention & control
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal/prevention & control
Vitamin D/*administration & dosage/pharmacology"	"Food fortification can deliver essential micronutrients to large population segments without modifications in consumption pattern, suggesting that fortified foods may be formulated for populations at risk for fragility fractures. This scoping review determined the extent to which randomized controlled studies have been carried out to test the impact of fortified foods on bone outcomes, searching PubMed for all studies using the terms 'fortified AND bone', and 'fortification AND bone'. Studies were restricted to English language, published between 1996 and June 2015. From 360 articles, 24 studies met the following criteria: human study in adults ⩾18 years (excluding pregnancy or lactation); original study of a fortified food over time, with specific bone outcomes measured pre- and post intervention. Six studies involved adults <50 years; 18 involved adults ⩾50 years. Singly or in combination, 17 studies included calcium and 16 included vitamin D. There were 1 or 2 studies involving either vitamin K, magnesium, iron, zinc, B-vitamins, inulin or isoflavones. For adults <50 years, the four studies involving calcium or vitamin D showed a beneficial effect on bone remodeling. For adults ⩾50 years, n=14 provided calcium and/or vitamin D, and there was a significant bone turnover reduction. No consistent effects were reported in studies in which addition of vitamin K, folic acid or isoflavone was assessed. Results from this scoping review indicate that up to now most studies of fortification with bone health have evaluated calcium and/or vitamin D and that these nutrients show beneficial effects on bone remodeling."
"Journal Article"	"J. M. Levy; S. S. Smith; R. Varshney; E. H. Chang; V. R. Ramakrishnan; J. Y. Ting; B. S. Bleier"	"2017"	"Trends in sinusitis research: a systematic review of extramural funding"	"International forum of allergy & rhinology"	"7"	"11"	"1104-1107"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28985031"	"10.1002/alr.22015"	"*chronic disease
*research
*sinusitis
Biomedical Research/*economics/trends
Humans
National Institutes of Health (U.S.)/*economics/trends
Research Support as Topic/*economics/trends
United States"	"BACKGROUND: Innovation represents a core value of the American Rhinologic Society (ARS), with multiple efforts to promote research in the advancement rhinologic care. We therefore sought to identify trends in extramural sinusitis funding and underutilized sources of support to facilitate future efforts. METHODS: A systematic review of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Research Portfolio Online Tools (RePORTER) database (fiscal year 1993 to 2017) was completed with the search strategy: ("chronic sinusitis" OR rhinosinusitis). All identified studies were accepted for review, with comparison to ARS membership rolls to identify studies supported by ARS investigators. Foundation awards were surveyed to identify and characterize additional sources of support. RESULTS: The systematic review identified 958 projects receiving NIH funding, of which 120 remain active. The percentage of sinusitis-related awards and total funding relative to all NIH awards increased over the past 10 years (2006 to 2016) from 0.06% (8 / 9128) and 0.09% ($2,151,152 / $3,358,338,602) to 0.87% (86 / 9540) and 0.90% ($37,201,095 / $4,300,145,614). Among active studies, 9 investigators maintain membership in the ARS and serve as principal investigator or project leader in 12 (10%) studies. ARS investigators received the greatest number of awards from the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disrders (n = 8,66.7%), while only receiving 2.2% of awarded funding from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ($607,500/$26,873,022), the largest source of awards for sinusitis research. CONCLUSION: Support for sinusitis research is significantly growing, with the largest source of active funding not being fully utilized by members of the ARS. Further efforts to promote funding priorities among extramural sources is necessary to facilitate increased funding for ARS member initiatives."
"Journal Article"	"S. Chatterjee; H. C. Herrmann; R. L. Wilensky; J. Hirshfeld; D. McCormick; D. S. Frankel; R. W. Yeh; E. J. Armstrong; D. J. Kumbhani; J. Giri"	"2015"	"Safety and Procedural Success of Left Atrial Appendage Exclusion With the Lariat Device: A Systematic Review of Published Reports and Analytic Review of the FDA MAUDE Database"	"JAMA internal medicine"	"175"	"7"	"1104-1109"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25938303"	"10.1001/jamainternmed.2015.1513"	"Atrial Appendage/*surgery
Atrial Fibrillation/*surgery
Cardiac Surgical Procedures/*instrumentation
Humans
Minimally Invasive Surgical Procedures/instrumentation"	"IMPORTANCE: The Lariat device has received US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance for soft-tissue approximation and is being widely used off-label for left atrial appendage (LAA) exclusion. A comprehensive analysis of safety and effectiveness has not been reported. OBJECTIVES: To perform a systematic review of published literature to assess safety and procedural success, defined as successful closure of the LAA during the index procedure, of the Lariat device. We performed a formal analytic review of the FDA MAUDE (Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience) database to compile adverse event reports from real-world practice with the Lariat. DATA SOURCES: For the systematic review, PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library were searched from January 2007 through August 2014 to identify all studies reporting use of the Lariat device in 3 or more patients. The FDA MAUDE database was queried for adverse events reports related to Lariat use. DATA EXTRACTIONS AND SYNTHESIS: Data were abstracted in duplicate by 2 physician reviewers. Events from published literature were pooled using a generic inverse variance weighting with a random effects model. Cumulative and individual adverse events were also reported using the FDA MAUDE data set. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Procedural adverse events and procedural success. RESULTS: In the systematic review, 5 reports of Lariat device use in 309 participants were identified. Specific complications weighted for inverse of variance of individual studies were urgent need for cardiac surgery (2.3%; 7 of 309 procedures) and death (0.3%; 1 of 309 procedures). Procedural success was 90.3% (279 of 309 procedures). In the FDA MAUDE database, there were 35 unique reports of adverse events with use of the Lariat device. Among these, we identified 5 adverse event reports that noted pericardial effusion and death and an additional 23 reported urgent cardiac surgery without mention of death. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This review of published reports and case reports identified risks of adverse events with off-label use of the Lariat device for LAA exclusion. Formal, controlled investigations into the safety and efficacy of the device for this indication are warranted."
"Journal Article"	"J. S. Kuperus; E. E. A. de Gendt; F. C. Oner; P. A. de Jong; S. C. F. M. Buckens; A. E. van der Merwe; G. J. R. Maat; E. A. Regan; D. L. Resnick; R. Mader; J.-J. Verlaan"	"2017"	"Classification criteria for diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis: a lack of consensus"	"Rheumatology (Oxford, England)"	"56"	"7"	"1123-1134"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28371859
https://watermark.silverchair.com/kex056.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAsAwggK8BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggKtMIICqQIBADCCAqIGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMDGxwN8W7fjeafZxoAgEQgIICc-9K_AUeQIIToARUlDyOAJq1reCuyjyCn7ZWk_e-jIkGa8AdqO0ibiIQ33WHIEZ5j-LKr4Sn9ullFVYd5dqwBaOPJfbXjctny_aALVxP-fvUVcseH159Wj-JcKADcPzRtskT1GSOTvVrqDdai37yTNkSfFBWRqDt__PIowUZB8vqASe6guj1nBFqtAfxY_R_vFO-cboD3celniCTHVXjGY0uRJYwVYSoqKlTwWfpF-7qkc2oSJ-HXwTsoBE62ycfHZ6D807qjlGRsweda9TIfSxym1iL0ff8jSr-P36WW9W0i_PunJ9qEdzCs86I5wGCd0HMajl1CcQBcrrjKVN-zy6MiOZe013oV4q61ECBE9z6ETzLsWupyGxe0el9-BivWB106gYE8ICXXngBRDD9cAWP6V3bww4dixRkTU4kF_Nz0mYw5GvGXm7SexuBFLZdrqdX02T7Yv6POu1Dl2nd4piDSHlEeH7jWV8LP6Ya7U9gjd1IL9TuaY4OjheFg-rQ1G5jH2ZnzhkHiqjk-DG-fUF3nbWxSWKPF6DGkrs-wOfPJJqfbYx3NEH46jgqjFW3kXcx71rhEcdMIv8l2puGGJ0gC33PbstraHiZx405GTguY5Ejsy22jS3Eemw4tJWBTSGLAvRrCMGmUCDT5OmSFXNskXXfSgvK45TpIdU_BwPyNG_3Plv65bEN6vJRPvoYawe5TsX0xq7Kp01hD_t0Le-vIXf2Z1qjaaq46oJOWd4PelPMSNolhpTjXecFlUkyHDb-IpHrRtH-Acy7Y1aeO5JN4-INi6Wp6YxQJ-Bb4lhVqzKtwPWoEgMRqUuWn-gIh8TSvA"	"10.1093/rheumatology/kex056"	"*classification criteria
*diagnostic criteria
*diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis
*radiography
*systematic review
Adult
Age Factors
Aged
Consensus
*Disability Evaluation
Disease Progression
Female
Humans
Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal/*classification/*diagnostic imaging/pathology
Male
Middle Aged
Needs Assessment
Prognosis
Radiography/methods
Sex Factors"	"OBJECTIVES: DISH is a condition characterized by flowing ossifications of the spine with or without ossifications of entheses elsewhere in the body. Studies on the prevalence and pathogenesis of DISH use a variety of partly overlapping combinations of classification criteria, making meaningful comparisons across the literature difficult. The aim of this study was to systematically summarize the available criteria to support the development of a more uniform set of diagnostic/classification criteria. METHODS: A search was performed in Pubmed, Embase, Cochrane Library and Web of Science using the term DISH and its synonyms. Articles were included when two independent observers agreed that the articles proposed a new set of classification criteria for DISH. All retrieved articles were evaluated for methodological quality, and the presented criteria were extracted. RESULTS: A total of 24 articles met the inclusion criteria. In all articles, spinal hyperostosis was required for the diagnosis of DISH. Peripheral, extraspinal manifestations were included as a (co-)requirement for the diagnosis DISH in five articles. Most discrepancies revolved around the threshold for the number of vertebral bodies affected and to defining different developmental phases of DISH. More than half of the retrieved articles described a dichotomous set of criteria and did not consider the progressive character of DISH. CONCLUSION: This systematic review summarizes the available different classification criteria for DISH, which highlights the lack of consensus on the diagnosis of (early) DISH. Consensus criteria, including consecutive phases of new bone formation that characterize DISH, can be developed based upon established diagnostic/classification criteria."
"Journal Article"	"V. N. Shah; C. S. Shah; J. K. Snell-Bergeon"	"2015"	"Type 1 diabetes and risk of fracture: meta-analysis and review of the literature"	"Diabetic medicine : a journal of the British Diabetic Association"	"32"	"9"	"1134-1142"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26096918
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4860902/"	"10.1111/dme.12734"	"Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1/*complications
Female
Humans
Male
Middle Aged
Observational Studies as Topic
Osteoporotic Fractures/*etiology
Risk Factors
Young Adult"	"AIMS: To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies in order to assess the association between Type 1 diabetes and fractures. BACKGROUND: The risk of fracture in men and women with Type 1 diabetes has not been studied in a large prospective well designed cohort. METHODS: Data were selected from Medline and Embase and abstracts from annual scientific meetings of various diabetes and bone and mineral societies. Published studies that reported the fracture risk in people with Type 1 diabetes in comparison with people without diabetes between 1990 and July 2014 and abstracts from various annual meeting (2005 onwards) were included in the present meta-analysis. Data were extracted from the text of included publications or from abstracts of conferences. RESULTS: The 14 studies that met the inclusion criteria reported 2066 fracture events among 27 300 people with Type 1 diabetes (7.6%) and 136 579 fracture events among 4 364 125 people without diabetes (3.1%). The pooled relative risk of any fracture in people with Type 1 diabetes was 3.16 (95% CI 1.51-6.63; P = 0.002). Women and men with Type 1 diabetes had a four and two times higher risk of any fractures, respectively, compared with people without diabetes. The pooled relative risks of hip fractures and spinal fractures were 3.78 (95% CI 2.05-6.98; P < 0.001) and 2.88 (95% CI 1.71-4.82; P < 0.001), respectively, among people with Type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Our meta-analysis suggests that both men and women with Type 1 diabetes might have an increased risk of any fractures. A large prospective epidemiological study is needed to confirm our findings."
"Journal Article"	"D. S. Ward; M. R. Williams; J. W. Berkenbosch; M. Bhatt; D. Carlson; P. Chappell; R. M. Clark; I. Constant; A. Conway; J. Cravero; A. Dahan; F. Dexter; R. Dionne; R. H. Dworkin; T. J. Gan; D. Gozal; S. Green; M. G. Irwin; S. Karan; M. Kochman; J. Lerman; J. R. Lightdale; R. S. Litman; K. P. Mason; J. Miner; R. E. O'Connor; P. Pandharipande; R. R. Riker; M. G. Roback; D. I. Sessler; A. Sexton; J. R. Tobin; D. C. Turk; R. S. Twersky; R. D. Urman; M. Weiss; H. Wunsch; A. Zhao-Wong"	"2018"	"Evaluating Patient-Centered Outcomes in Clinical Trials of Procedural Sedation, Part 2 Safety: Sedation Consortium on Endpoints and Procedures for Treatment, Education, and Research Recommendations"	"Anesthesia and analgesia"	"127"	"5"	"1146-1154"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29782404"	"10.1213/ANE.0000000000003409"	"Clinical Trials as Topic/*methods
Conscious Sedation/adverse effects/*methods
Consensus
*Endpoint Determination
Humans
Hypnotics and Sedatives/adverse effects/*therapeutic use
Outcome and Process Assessment (Health Care)/*methods
*Patient Outcome Assessment
Patient Safety
*Research Design
Risk Assessment
Risk Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"The Sedation Consortium on Endpoints and Procedures for Treatment, Education, and Research, established by the Analgesic, Anesthetic, and Addiction Clinical Trial Translations, Innovations, Opportunities, and Networks, a public-private partnership with the US Food and Drug Administration, convened a second meeting of sedation experts from a variety of clinical specialties and research backgrounds to develop recommendations for procedural sedation research. The previous meeting addressed efficacy and patient- and/or family-centered outcomes. This meeting addressed issues of safety, which was defined as "the avoidance of physical or psychological harm." A literature review identified 133 articles addressing safety measures in procedural sedation clinical trials. After basic reporting of vital signs, the most commonly measured safety parameter was oxygen saturation. Adverse events were inconsistently defined throughout the studies. Only 6 of the 133 studies used a previously validated measure of safety. The meeting identified methodological problems associated with measuring infrequent adverse events. With a consensus discussion, a set of core and supplemental measures were recommended to code for safety in future procedural clinical trials. When adopted, these measures should improve the integration of safety data across studies and facilitate comparisons in systematic reviews and meta-analyses."
"Journal Article"	"E. N. Novais; M. K. Hill; P. M. Carry; P. C. Heyn"	"2016"	"Is Age or Surgical Approach Associated With Osteonecrosis in Patients With Developmental Dysplasia of the Hip? A Meta-analysis"	"Clinical orthopaedics and related research"	"474"	"5"	"1166-1177"	"Springer US"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26472583
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4814411/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4814411/pdf/11999_2015_Article_4590.pdf"	"10.1007/s11999-015-4590-5"	"Age Factors
Femur Head Necrosis/diagnosis/*etiology
Hip Dislocation, Congenital/diagnosis/physiopathology/*surgery
Hip Joint/abnormalities/physiopathology/*surgery
Humans
Odds Ratio
Orthopedic Procedures/*adverse effects
Risk Assessment
Risk Factors
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Osteonecrosis of the femoral head is a major complication that negatively impacts the clinical and radiographic long-term outcome after treatment of developmental hip dysplasia (DDH). There are conflicting results in the literature whether age at the time of closed or open reduction and a specific surgical approach are associated with osteonecrosis. Better understanding of the impact of age at reduction and surgical approach is important to reduce the risk of osteonecrosis in patients with DDH. QUESTIONS/PURPOSES: We aimed to evaluate the association between occurrence of osteonecrosis and (1) age at closed reduction; (2) age at open reduction; and (3) medial versus anterior operative approaches. METHODS: A systematic review identified studies reporting osteonecrosis occurrence after treatment of DDH and at least 2 years of followup. This study was conducted in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses statement. Methodologic quality was assessed using the methodologic index for nonrandomized studies. Generalized logistic models were used to estimate pooled odds ratios (ORs) in the meta-analysis. Sixty-six studies were included in the systematic review and 24 in the meta-analysis. Data on 481 hips treated by closed reduction and 584 hips treated by open reduction were available to evaluate the association between osteonecrosis and age. The association between osteonecrosis and operative approach was assessed using data on 364 hips treated by medial open reduction and 220 hips treated by anterior open reduction. RESULTS: Age at reduction (> 12 months versus ≤ 12 months) was not associated with osteonecrosis after closed reduction (OR, 1.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.4-3.2; p = 0.9) or open reduction (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.7-1.9; p = 0.66). The overall, adjusted incidence of osteonecrosis (≥ Grade II) was 8.0% (95% CI, 2.8%-20.6%) among patients treated with closed reduction at or before 12 months of age and 8.4% (95% CI, 3.0%-21.5%) among those treated after 12 months. Similarly, the odds of osteonecrosis after open reduction did not differ between patients treated after the age of 12 months compared with those treated at or before 12 months (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.7-1.9; p = 0.7). The incidence of osteonecrosis (≥ Grade II) was 18.3% (95% CI, 11.7%-27.4%) among patients who had index open reduction at or before 12 months of age and 20.0% (95% CI, 13.1%-29.4%) among those who had index open reduction after 12 months of age. Among hips treated with open reductions, there was no difference in osteonecrosis after medial versus anterior approaches (18.7% medial versus 19.6% anterior; OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.5-2.2; p = 0.9). Conclusions We did not find an association between closed or open reduction performed at or before 12 months of age and an increased risk of osteonecrosis of the femoral head. Delayed treatment past 1 year of age as a strategy to reduce the development of osteonecrosis was not supported by this meta-analysis. Open reduction through a medial or anterior approach may be recommended based on surgeon's preference, because we found no association between development of osteonecrosis and the type of surgical approach. However, many of the studies in the current literature are nonrandomized Level III or IV observational studies of inconsistent quality. Higher quality evidence is needed to better understand the effects of age at reduction and operative approach on the development of osteonecrosis after DDH treatment. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level III, therapeutic study."
"Journal Article"	"C. C. A. Santana; J. O. Hill; L. B. Azevedo; T. Gunnarsdottir; W. L. Prado"	"2017"	"The association between obesity and academic performance in youth: a systematic review"	"Obesity reviews : an official journal of the International Association for the Study of Obesity"	"18"	"10"	"1191-1199"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28742946
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/obr.12582"	"10.1111/obr.12582"	"*Academic achievement
*obesity
*physical education
*students
*Academic Performance
Child
Humans
Obesity/*psychology"	"Previous studies have found that obesity could influence academic performance. The aim of this study was to systematically review the scientific evidence on the association between obesity and academic performance in school children. A systematic review of English articles was undertaken by using databases PubMed/Medline, ERIC, LILACS, SciELO and Web of Science. Cross-sectional and longitudinal studies examining the association between obesity and academic performance in children and adolescents, published between January 1990 and December 2016, were included. Risk of bias was assessed by using Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology. Thirty-four studies (23 cross-sectional and 11 longitudinal) matched all inclusion criteria and were included. Seven studies were classified as low risk of bias, 23 as medium risk and four as high risk. After controlling for covariates such as socio-economic status, parental education and physical activity, the association between obesity and academic performance becomes uncertain for most of the studies (55.9%). Therefore, at present, there is insufficient evidence to support a direct link between obesity and poor academic performance in school age children. In order to clarify this issue, we need more longitudinal studies with adequate sample sizes and that control for potential confounders."
"Journal Article"	"R. Autorino; P. Bove; M. De Sio; R. Miano; S. Micali; L. Cindolo; F. Greco; J. Nicholas; C. Fiori; G. Bianchi; F. J. Kim; F. Porpiglia"	"2016"	"Open Versus Laparoscopic Adrenalectomy for Adrenocortical Carcinoma: A Meta-analysis of Surgical and Oncological Outcomes"	"Annals of surgical oncology"	"23"	"4"	"1195-1202"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26480850
https://iris.unito.it/retrieve/handle/2318/1623611/292388/Open%20Versus%20Laparoscopic%20Adrenalectomy%20for%20Adrenocortical%20Carcinoma_4aperto.pdf"	"10.1245/s10434-015-4900-x"	"Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms/*surgery
Adrenalectomy/*methods
Adrenocortical Carcinoma/*surgery
Humans
Laparoscopy/*methods
Prognosis"	"PURPOSE: This study was designed to determine the role of laparoscopic adrenalectomy (LA) in the surgical management of adrenocortical carcinoma (ACC). METHODS: A systematic literature review was performed on January 2, 2015 using PubMed. Article selection proceeded according to PRISMA criteria. Studies comparing open adrenalectomy (OA) to LA for ACC and including at least 10 cases per each surgical approach were included. Odds ratio (OR) was used for all binary variables, and weight mean difference (WMD) was used for the continuous parameters. Pooled estimates were calculated with the fixed-effect model, if no significant heterogeneity was identified; alternatively, the random-effect model was used when significant heterogeneity was detected. Main demographics, surgical outcomes, and oncological outcomes were analyzed. RESULTS: Nine studies published between 2010 and 2014 were deemed eligible and included in the analysis, all of them being retrospective case-control studies. Overall, they included 240 LA and 557 OA cases. Tumors treated with laparoscopy were significantly smaller in size (WMD -3.41 cm; confidence interval [CI] -4.91, -1.91; p < 0.001), and a higher proportion of them (80.8 %) more at a localized (I-II) stage compared with open surgery (67.7 %) (odds ratio [OR] 2.8; CI 1.8, 4.2; p < 0.001). Hospitalization time was in favor of laparoscopy, with a WMD of -2.5 days (CI -3.3, -1.7; p < 0.001). There was no difference in the overall recurrence rate between LA and OA (relative risk [RR] 1.09; CI 0.83, 1.43; p = 0.53), whereas development of peritoneal carcinomatosis was higher for LA (RR 2.39; CI 1.41, 4.04; p = 0.001). No difference could be found for time to recurrence (WMD -8.2 months; CI -18.2, 1.7; p = 0.11), as well as for cancer specific mortality (OR 0.68; CI 0.44, 1.05; p = 0.08). CONCLUSIONS: OA should still be considered the standard surgical management of ACC. LA can offer a shorter hospital stay and possibly a faster recovery. Therefore, this minimally invasive approach can certainly play a role in this setting, but it should be only offered in carefully selected cases to avoid jeopardizing the oncological outcome."
"Journal Article"	"K. Breathett; J. Jones; H. D. Lum; D. Koonkongsatian; C. D. Jones; U. Sanghvi; L. Hoffecker; M. McEwen; S. L. Daugherty; I. V. Blair; E. Calhoun; E. de Groot; N. K. Sweitzer; P. N. Peterson"	"2018"	"Factors Related to Physician Clinical Decision-Making for African-American and Hispanic Patients: a Qualitative Meta-Synthesis"	"Journal of racial and ethnic health disparities"	"5"	"6"	"1215-1229"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29508374
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6123298/
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs40615-018-0468-z"	"10.1007/s40615-018-0468-z"	"*Bias
*Clinical decision-making
*Healthcare disparities
*Minority health"	"Clinical decision-making may have a role in racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare but has not been evaluated systematically. The purpose of this study was to synthesize qualitative studies that explore various aspects of how a patient's African-American race or Hispanic ethnicity may factor into physician clinical decision-making. Using Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane Library, we identified 13 manuscripts that met inclusion criteria of usage of qualitative methods; addressed US physician clinical decision-making factors when caring for African-American, Hispanic, or Caucasian patients; and published between 2000 and 2017. We derived six fundamental themes that detail the role of patient race and ethnicity on physician decision-making, including importance of race, patient-level issues, system-level issues, bias and racism, patient values, and communication. In conclusion, a non-hierarchical system of intertwining themes influenced clinical decision-making among racial and ethnic minority patients. Future study should systematically intervene upon each theme in order to promote equitable clinical decision-making among diverse racial/ethnic patients."
"Journal Article"	"H. Gilmartin; A. Goyal; M. C. Hamati; J. Mann; S. Saint; V. Chopra"	"2017"	"Brief Mindfulness Practices for Healthcare Providers - A Systematic Literature Review"	"The American journal of medicine"	"130"	"10"	"1219.e1-1219.e17"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28687263"	"10.1016/j.amjmed.2017.05.041"	"*Health care providers
*Inpatient
*Mindfulness
*Systematic literature review
*Well-being
Anxiety/prevention & control/therapy
Burnout, Professional/prevention & control/therapy
Depression/prevention & control/therapy
Health Personnel/*psychology
Humans"	"Mindfulness practice, where an individual maintains openness, patience, and acceptance while focusing attention on a situation in a nonjudgmental way, can improve symptoms of anxiety, burnout, and depression. The practice is relevant for health care providers; however, the time commitment is a barrier to practice. For this reason, brief mindfulness interventions (eg, ≤ 4 hours) are being introduced. We systematically reviewed the literature from inception to January 2017 about the effects of brief mindfulness interventions on provider well-being and behavior. Studies that tested a brief mindfulness intervention with hospital providers and measured change in well-being (eg, stress) or behavior (eg, tasks of attention or reduction of clinical or diagnostic errors) were selected for narrative synthesis. Fourteen studies met inclusion criteria; 7 were randomized controlled trials. Nine of 14 studies reported positive changes in levels of stress, anxiety, mindfulness, resiliency, and burnout symptoms. No studies found an effect on provider behavior. Brief mindfulness interventions may be effective in improving provider well-being; however, larger studies are needed to assess an impact on clinical care."
"Journal Article"	"K. Horodyska; A. Luszczynska; C. B. Hayes; M. P. O'Shea; L. J. Langøien; G. Roos; M. van den Berg; M. Hendriksen; I. De Bourdeaudhuij; J. Brug"	"2015"	"Implementation conditions for diet and physical activity interventions and policies: an umbrella review"	"BMC public health"	"15"		"1250-1272"	"BioMed Central"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26678996
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4683715/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4683715/pdf/12889_2015_Article_2585.pdf"	"10.1186/s12889-015-2585-5"	"Cooperative Behavior
*Diet
*Exercise
*Health Policy
Health Promotion/*organization & administration
Humans
Sedentary Behavior
World Health Organization"	"BACKGROUND: This umbrella review aimed at identifying evidence-based conditions important for successful implementation of interventions and policies promoting a healthy diet, physical activity (PA), and a reduction in sedentary behaviors (SB). In particular, we examined if the implementation conditions identified were intervention-specific or policy-specific. This study was undertaken as part of the DEterminants of DIet and Physical Activity (DEDIPAC) Knowledge Hub, a joint action as part of the European Joint Programming Initiative a Healthy Diet for a Healthy Life. METHODS: A systematic review of reviews and stakeholder documents was conducted. Data from nine scientific literature databases were analyzed (95 documents met the inclusion criteria). Additionally, published documentation of eight major stakeholders (e.g., World Health Organization) were systematically searched (17 documents met the inclusion criteria). The RE-AIM framework was used to categorize elicited conditions. Across the implementation conditions 25 % were identified in at least four documents and were subsequently classified as having obtained sufficient support. RESULTS: We identified 312 potential conditions relevant for successful implementation; 83 of these received sufficient support. Using the RE-AIM framework eight implementation conditions that obtained support referred to the reach in the target population; five addressed efficacy of implementation processes; 24 concerned adoption by the target staff, setting, or institutions; 43 referred to consistency, costs, and adaptations made in the implementation process; three addressed maintenance of effects over time. The vast majority of implementation conditions (87.9 %; 73 of 83) were supported by documents referring to both interventions and policies. There were seven policy-specific implementation conditions, which focused on increasing complexities of coexisting policies/legal instruments and their consequences for implementation, as well as politicians' collaboration in implementation. CONCLUSIONS: The use of the proposed list of 83 conditions for successful implementation may enhance the implementation of interventions and policies which pursue identification of the most successful actions aimed at improving diet, PA and reducing SB."
"Journal Article"	"D. B. Friedman; K. Becofsky; L. A. Anderson; L. L. Bryant; R. H. Hunter; S. L. Ivey; B. Belza; R. G. Logsdon; S. Brannon; A. E. Vandenberg; S. Y. Lin"	"2015"	"Public perceptions about risk and protective factors for cognitive health and impairment: a review of the literature"	"International Psychogeriatrics"	"27"	"8"	"1263-1275"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000361384500004"	"10.1017/s1041610214002877"	"cognition
Alzheimer's disease
dementia
scoping review
public
perceptions
risk factors
protective factors
alzheimer-disease
older-adults
translating science
ethnic-differences
family caregivers
physical-activity
aging
population
united-states
brain health
beliefs
Psychology
Geriatrics & Gerontology
Psychiatry"	"Background: Preventing and/or delaying cognitive impairment is a public health priority. To increase awareness of and participation in behaviors that may help maintain cognitive function or reduce risk of impairment, we need to understand public perceptions about risk and protective factors. Methods: We conducted a scoping review of studies examining the public's perceptions about risk and protective factors related to cognitive health and impairment published since the 2007 National Public Health Road Map to Maintaining Cognitive Health. Results: A search of five databases yielded 1,115 documents published between June 2007 and December 2013. Initial review of abstracts identified 90 potentially eligible studies. After full-article review, 30 met inclusion criteria; four additional articles identified in reference lists also met inclusion criteria. Of the 34, 16 studies addressed Alzheimer's disease (AD) specifically, 15 dementia broadly, 5 mild to moderate cognitive impairment, and 8 normal functioning, with some content overlap. Across studies, respondents reported genetics (n = 14 studies), older age (n = 8), stress (n = 7), brain/head injury (n = 6), and mental illness/brain disease (n = 6) as perceived risk factors for AD and dementia. Protective factors most commonly identified for maintaining cognitive health were intellectual/mental stimulation (n = 13), physical activity (n = 12), healthy diet (n = 10), and social/leisure activities (n = 10). Conclusions: Studies identified genetics and older age as key perceived risk factors more so than behaviors such as smoking. Individuals perceived that numerous lifestyle factors (e.g. intellectual stimulation, physical activity) could protect against cognitive impairment, AD, and/or dementia. Results can inform national and international education efforts about AD and other dementias."
"Journal Article"	"G. Patel; A. W. Armstrong; D. B. Eisen"	"2014"	"Efficacy of Photodynamic Therapy vs Other Interventions in Randomized Clinical Trials for the Treatment of Actinic Keratoses A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Jama Dermatology"	"150"	"12"	"1281-1288"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000346234500005
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamadermatology/articlepdf/1899263/doi140021.pdf"	"10.1001/jamadermatol.2014.1253"	"5-percent imiquimod cream
methyl aminolevulinate
immunocompetent
patients
double-blind
topical 5-fluorouracil
transplant recipients
skin
cryotherapy
scalp
face
Dermatology"	"IMPORTANCE Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is used extensively to treat actinic keratoses (AKs). An analysis of the effectiveness of PDT compared with other treatments may help physicians decide what role it should play in their own clinical practices. OBJECTIVE To determine the effectiveness of PDT for the treatment of AKs relative to other methods. DATA SOURCES MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Knowledge, and Cochrane Central Register. No restrictions on years were placed, and all searches extended to the year of each database inception. Our search was conducted on March 20, 2013, and included the search terms solar keratosis, actinic keratosis, photodynamic therapy, and photochemotherapy. No restrictions were used for the search string. STUDY SELECTION Only randomized PDT trials that used aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride or methyl aminolevulinate hydrochloride as stabilizers with 10 or more participants were considered. Two of the authors undertook the search independently. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS Data were extracted independently by the 2 authors. We assessed data quality using the Jadad scoring system and used a random-effects model for pooled data analysis. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Primary outcome measures specified a priori were lesion response, cosmetic results, and patient satisfaction after the intervention. RESULTS Our search identified 875 journal articles and meeting abstracts. We excluded 862 owing to lack of adherence to our inclusion criteria or lack of author response to our queries for further information. We assessed 13 studies for inclusion in our final synthesis, of which 4 were eligible for final meta-analysis. The only comparator for which meta-analysis was performed was cryotherapy. The meta-analysis consisted of 641 participants, with a total of 2174 AKs treated with cryotherapy and 2170 AKs treated with PDT. Compared with cryotherapy, the pooled relative risk for the meta-analysis for complete response (lesion clearance) was 1.14 (95% CI, 1.11-1.18) at 3 months after treatment. Visual inspection of a funnel plot revealed no publication bias, which was confirmed by the Begg test (P = .80). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Photodynamic therapy has a 14% better chance of complete lesion clearance at 3 months after treatment than cryotherapy for thin AKs on the face and scalp."
"Journal Article"	"R. D. Wagner; E. M. Wolfswinkel; E. P. Buchanan; D. Y. Khechoyan"	"2017"	"Surgical Outcomes for Speech Surgery in 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome: The Dilemma of Persistent Velopharyngeal Insufficiency After Pharyngeal Flap Operation"	"The Journal of craniofacial surgery"	"28"	"5"	"1320-1324"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28582304"	"10.1097/SCS.0000000000003722"	"Child
DiGeorge Syndrome/complications/*surgery
Humans
Male
Pharynx/*surgery
Postoperative Complications
Sleep Apnea, Obstructive/etiology
Speech
*Surgical Flaps
Treatment Outcome
Velopharyngeal Insufficiency/complications/*surgery"	"INTRODUCTION: The majority of patients with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome suffer from velopharyngeal insufficiency (VPI). Patients with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (22qDS) commonly present with a large central velopharyngeal gap in the setting of poor velar and pharyngeal wall motion. The posterior pharyngeal flap is considered the most effective technique to treat VPI in this complex patient group. This study aims to critically evaluate success rates of surgical management of VPI in 22qDS patients and discuss options for management of a failed posterior pharyngeal flap (PPF) with persistent VPI. METHODS: A systematic review was performed through MEDLINE and Scopus to examine the outcomes of PPF surgery to treat VPI in patients with 22qDS. Complications were defined as persistent VPI, hyponasal speech, and obstructive sleep apnea. To demonstrate an approach to management, the authors outline a recent patient with a failed PPF in this patient population at the authors' institution. RESULTS: The authors comprehensively reviewed 58 articles, 13 of which contained relevant information with extractable data. Of the 159 patients with 22qDS who underwent PPF to treat VPI, successful outcomes were reported in 135 patients (80%; range: 0%-100%). Complications were reported in 14% of patients, with need for revision operations in 3%. DISCUSSION: Surgical management of VPI in patients with 22qDS is challenging, with variable success rates reported in the literature. If unsuccessful, the surgeon faces additional challenges with the revision surgery including a scarred PPF donor site, distorted palatal recipient site, and further medialization of internal carotid arteries. Surgical revision of a failed PPF requires meticulous preoperative planning and technical execution."
"Journal Article"	"J. W. Belk; M. J. Kraeutler; T. J. Carver; E. C. McCarty"	"2018"	"Knee Osteoarthritis After Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction With Bone-Patellar Tendon-Bone Versus Hamstring Tendon Autograft: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials"	"Arthroscopy : the journal of arthroscopic & related surgery : official publication of the Arthroscopy Association of North America and the International Arthroscopy Association"	"34"	"4"	"1358-1365"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29366740"	"10.1016/j.arthro.2017.11.032"	"Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction/*adverse effects/methods
Autografts
*Bone-Patellar Tendon-Bone Grafting
Hamstring Tendons/*transplantation
Humans
Osteoarthritis, Knee/*etiology
Postoperative Complications
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic"	"PURPOSE: The primary purpose of this study was to systematically review high-quality studies in the literature to compare the postoperative radiographic incidence of knee osteoarthritis (OA) after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) with bone-patellar tendon-bone (BPTB) versus hamstring tendon (HT) autograft. The secondary purpose of this study was to compare other symptoms of postoperative knee OA between these 2 groups through patient-reported outcome scores and knee range of motion. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library to locate randomized controlled trials that compared postoperative progression of knee OA in patients who had undergone ACLR with BPTB versus HT autograft. Search terms used were "anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction," "patellar tendon," "hamstring," "randomized," and "osteoarthritis." Patients were assessed based on radiographic evaluation (Kellgren-Lawrence, Ahlbäck, Fairbank, and the Objective International Knee Documentation Committee scales), patient-reported outcome scores (Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score and visual analog scale scores), graft failure, and active knee flexion and extension deficit. RESULTS: Eight studies (6 Level I, 2 Level II) were identified that met inclusion criteria, including a total of 237 and 268 nonoverlapping patients who had undergone ACLR with BPTB and HT autograft, respectively, with a mean follow-up of 11.5 years (range, 3-16 years). Graft failure was experienced by 7.0% of patients in each group (P = .99). A Kellgren-Lawrence grade ≥2 was found in 52.0% and 51.0% of BPTB and HT autograft patients, respectively (P = .85). An Ahlbäck and Fairbank grade ≥2 was found in 5.0% and 8.4% of BPTB and HT autograft patients, respectively (P = .36). There were no significant differences in any patient-reported outcomes between groups within any study. CONCLUSIONS: Patients undergoing ACLR with BPTB autograft or HT autograft can be expected to experience a similar incidence of postoperative knee OA at long-term follow-up. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level II, systematic review of Level I and II studies."
"Journal Article"	"D. E. Magouliotis; V. S. Tasiopoulou; A. A. Svokos; K. A. Svokos; E. Sioka; D. Zacharoulis"	"2017"	"Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass versus Sleeve Gastrectomy as Revisional Procedure after Adjustable Gastric Band: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Obesity Surgery"	"27"	"5"	"1365-1373"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000400029400036"	"10.1007/s11695-017-2644-3"	"Adjustable gastric band
Failed LAGB
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass
Sleeve
gastrectomy
LRYGB
LSG
laparoscopic conversion
morbid-obesity
experience
ghrelin
Surgery"	"We aim to review the available literature on obese patients treated with laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (LRYGB) or laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) after failed laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB), in order to compare the clinical outcomes of the two methods. A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, CENTRAL, and Scopus databases, in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines. Eight studies met the inclusion criteria incorporating 635 patients. Both procedures are associated with comparable complications, conversions, mean hospital stay, and weight loss at 6 and 12 months. In the LRYGB group, % excess weight loss (%EWL) and BMI reduction after 24 months were increased. Well-designed, randomized controlled studies, comparing revisional LRYGB and LSG, are necessary to further assess their outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"A. E. C. Brown; S. C. Howard; J. N. Baker; R. C. Ribeiro; C. G. Lam"	"2014"	"Reported Availability and Gaps of Pediatric Palliative Care in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: A Systematic Review of Published Data"	"Journal of Palliative Medicine"	"17"	"12"	"1369-1383"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000346336200016"	"10.1089/jpm.2014.0095"	"sub-saharan africa
cancer
children
health
world
life
challenges
mortality
services
end
Health Care Sciences & Services"	"Background: The majority of young people in need of palliative care live in low- and middle-income countries, where curative treatment is less available. Objective: We systematically reviewed published data describing palliative care services available to young people with life-limiting conditions in low- and middle-income countries and assessed core elements with respect to availability, gaps, and under-reported aspects. Methods: PubMed, CINAHL, EMBASE (1980-2013), and secondary bibliographies were searched for publications that included patients younger than 25 years with life-limiting conditions and described palliative care programs in low- and middle-income countries. A data extraction checklist considered 15 items across seven domains: access, education/capacity building, health system support, pain management, symptom management, end-of-life care, and bereavement. Data were aggregated by program and country. Results: Of 1572 records, 238 met criteria for full-text review; 34 qualified for inclusion, representing 30 programs in 21 countries. The median checklist score was 7 (range, 1-14) of 10 reported (range, 3-14). The most pervasive gaps were in national health system support (unavailable in 7 of 17 countries with programs reporting), specialized education (unavailable in 7 of 19 countries with programs reporting), and comprehensive opioid access (unavailable in 14 of 21 countries with programs reporting). Underreported elements included specified practices for pain management and end-of-life support. Conclusion: Comprehensive pediatric palliative care provision is possible even in markedly impoverished settings. Improved national health system support, specialized training and opioid access are key targets for research and advocacy. Application of a checklist methodology can promote awareness of gaps to guide program evaluation, reporting, and strengthening."
"Journal Article"	"S. K. Brode; C. L. Daley; T. K. Marras"	"2014"	"The epidemiologic relationship between tuberculosis and non-tuberculous mycobacterial disease: a systematic review"	"The international journal of tuberculosis and lung disease : the official journal of the International Union against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease"	"18"	"11"	"1370-1377"		"France"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25299873
http://docserver.ingentaconnect.com/deliver/connect/iuatld/10273719/v18n11/s20.pdf?expires=1570133517&id=0000&titleid=3764&checksum=BED522A46C74DD5E2B7828D6209B1038"	"10.5588/ijtld.14.0120"	"Global Health/*statistics & numerical data
Humans
Incidence
Linear Models
Mycobacterium Infections, Nontuberculous/*epidemiology
Tuberculosis/*epidemiology"	"SETTING: Tuberculosis (TB) rates are decreasing in many areas, while non-tuberculous mycobacteria (NTM) infection rates are increasing. The relationship between the epidemiology of TB and NTM infections is not well understood. OBJECTIVE: To understand the epidemiologic relationship between TB and NTM disease worldwide. DESIGN: A systematic review of Medline (1946-2014) was conducted to identify studies that reported temporal trends in NTM disease incidence. TB rates for each geographic area included were then retrieved. Linear regression models were fitted to calculate slopes describing changes over time. RESULTS: There were 22 studies reporting trends in rates of NTM disease, representing 16 geographic areas over four continents: 75% of areas had climbing incidence rates, while 12.5% had stable rates and 12.5% had declining rates. Most studies (81%) showed declining TB incidence rates. The proportion of incident mycobacterial disease caused by NTM was shown to be rising in almost every geographic area (94%). CONCLUSION: We found an increase in the proportion of mycobacterial disease caused by NTM in many parts of the world due to a simultaneous reduction in TB and increase in NTM disease. Research into the interaction between mycobacterial infections may help explain this inverse relationship."
"Journal Article"	"N. Bansal; L. R. Zelnick; A. Alonso; E. J. Benjamin; I. H. de Boer; R. Deo; R. Katz; B. Kestenbaum; J. Mathew; C. Robinson-Cohen; M. J. Sarnak; M. G. Shlipak; N. Sotoodehnia; B. Young; S. R. Heckbert"	"2017"	"eGFR and Albuminuria in Relation to Risk of Incident Atrial Fibrillation: A Meta-Analysis of the Jackson Heart Study, the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, and the Cardiovascular Health Study"	"Clinical journal of the American Society of Nephrology : CJASN"	"12"	"9"	"1386-1398"	"American Society of Nephrology"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28798221
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5586568/
https://cjasn.asnjournals.org/content/clinjasn/12/9/1386.full.pdf"	"10.2215/CJN.01860217"	"albuminuria
cardiovascular disease
chronic kidney disease
Adult
Aged
Aged, 80 and over
Albuminuria/diagnosis/*ethnology/mortality/physiopathology
Atrial Fibrillation/diagnosis/*ethnology/mortality/physiopathology
Biomarkers/blood/urine
Creatinine/blood/urine
Cystatin C/blood
Disease-Free Survival
Female
*Glomerular Filtration Rate
Heart Failure/ethnology
Humans
Incidence
Kaplan-Meier Estimate
Kidney/*physiopathology
Kidney Failure, Chronic/diagnosis/*ethnology/mortality/physiopathology
Male
Middle Aged
Myocardial Infarction/ethnology
Proportional Hazards Models
Risk Assessment
Risk Factors
Time Factors
United States/epidemiology
Young Adult"	"BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The incidence of atrial fibrillation is high in ESRD, but limited data are available on the incidence of atrial fibrillation across a broad range of kidney function. Thus, we examined the association of eGFR and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio with risk of incident atrial fibrillation. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: We meta-analyzed three prospective cohorts: the Jackson Heart Study, the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, and the Cardiovascular Health Study. Cox regression models were performed examining the association of eGFR and urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio with incident atrial fibrillation adjusting for demographics and comorbidity. In additional analyses, we adjusted for measures of subclinical cardiovascular disease (by electrocardiogram and cardiac imaging) and interim heart failure and myocardial infarction events. RESULTS: In the meta-analyzed study population of 16,769 participants without prevalent atrial fibrillation, across categories of decreasing eGFR (eGFR>90 [reference], 60-89, 45-59, 30-44, and <30 ml/min per 1.73 m(2)), there was a stepwise increase in the adjusted risk of incident atrial fibrillation: hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.00, 1.09 (0.97 to 1.24), 1.17 (1.00 to 1.38), 1.59 (1.28 to 1.98), and 2.03 (1.40 to 2.96), respectively. There was a stepwise increase in the adjusted risk of incident atrial fibrillation across categories of increasing urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio <15 [reference], 15-29, 30-299, and ≥300 mg/g): hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.00, 1.04 (0.83 to 1.30), 1.47 (1.20 to 1.79), and 1.76 (1.18 to 2.62), respectively. The associations were consistent after adjustment for subclinical cardiovascular disease measures and interim heart failure and myocardial infarction events. CONCLUSIONS: In this meta-analysis of three cohorts, reduced eGFR and elevated urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio were significantly associated with greater risk of incident atrial fibrillation, highlighting the need for further studies to understand mechanisms linking kidney disease with atrial fibrillation."
"Journal Article"	"R. Dasgupta; E. Renaud; A. B. Goldin; R. Baird; D. B. Cameron; M. A. Arnold; K. A. Diefenbach; A. Gosain; J. Grabowski; Y. S. Guner; T. Jancelewicz; A. Kawaguchi; D. R. Lal; T. A. Oyetunji; R. L. Ricca; J. Shelton; S. Somme; R. F. Williams; C. D. Downard"	"2018"	"Ovarian torsion in pediatric and adolescent patients: A systematic review"	"Journal of pediatric surgery"	"53"	"7"	"1387-1391"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29153467"	"10.1016/j.jpedsurg.2017.10.053"	"Oophorectomy
Ovarian torsion
Systematic review
Adolescent
Child
Female
Fertility
Humans
Ovarian Cysts/*surgery
Ovarian Diseases/*surgery
Ovary/pathology
Torsion Abnormality/*surgery
Ultrasonography"	"OBJECTIVE: Ovarian torsion in pediatric patients is a rare event and is primarily managed by pediatric general surgeons. Torsion can be treated with detorsion of the ovary or oopherectomy. Oopherectomy is the most common procedure performed by pediatric general surgeons for ovarian torsion. The purpose of this systematic review by the American Pediatric Surgical Association Outcomes and Evidence Based Practice Committee was to examine evidence from the medical literature and provide recommendations regarding the optimal treatment of ovarian torsion. METHODS: Using PRISMA guidelines, six questions were addressed by searching Medline, Cochrane, Embase Central and National clearing house databases using relevant search terms. Risks of ovarian detorsion including thromboembolism and malignancy, indications for oophoropexy, benefits of detorsion including recovery of function and subsequent fertility, and recommended surveillance after detorsion were evaluated. Consensus recommendations were derived for each question based on the best available evidence. RESULTS: Ninety-six studies were included. Risks of ovarian detorsion such as thromboembolism and malignancy were reviewed, demonstrating minimal evidence for unknowingly leaving a malignancy behind in the salvaged ovary and no evidence in the literature of thromboembolic events after detorsion of a torsed ovary. There is no clear evidence supporting the benefit of oophoropexy after a single episode of ovarian torsion. The gross appearance of the ovary does not correlate with long-term ovarian viability or function. Pregnancies have occurred in patients after detorsion of an ovary both spontaneously and with harvested oocytes from previously torsed ovaries. The consensus recommendation for imaging surveillance following ovarian detorsion is an ultrasound at 3months postprocedure but sooner if there is a concern for malignancy. CONCLUSION: There appears to be overwhelming evidence supporting ovarian detorsion rather than oopherectomy for the management of ovarian torsion in pediatric patients. Ovarian salvage is safe and is the preferred treatment for ovarian torsion. Most salvaged ovaries will maintain viability after detorsion. TYPE OF STUDY: Systematic review of level 3-4 studies. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 3-4."
"Journal Article"	"J. Fulcher; R. O'Connell; M. Voysey; J. Emberson; L. Blackwell; B. Mihaylova; J. Simes; R. Collins; A. Kirby; H. Colhoun; E. Braunwald; J. La Rosa; T. R. Pedersen; A. Tonkin; B. Davis; P. Sleight; M. G. Franzosi; C. Baigent; A. Keech; J. de Lemos; M. Blazing; S. Murphy; J. R. Downs; A. Gotto; M. Clearfield; H. Holdaas; D. Gordon; M. Koren; B. Dahlof; N. Poulter; P. Sever; R. H. Knopp; B. Fellstrom; H. Holdaas; A. Jardine; R. Schmieder; F. Zannad; U. Goldbourt; E. Kaplinsky; H. M. Colhoun; D. J. Betteridge; P. N. Durrington; G. A. Hitman; J. Fuller; A. Neil; C. Wanner; V. Krane; F. Sacks; L. Moye; M. Pfeffer; C. M. Hawkins; J. Kjekshus; H. Wedel; J. Wikstrand; P. Barter; L. Tavazzi; A. Maggioni; R. Marchioli; G. Tognoni; H. Bloomfield; S. Robins; J. Armitage; S. Parish; R. Peto; T. R. Pedersen; P. M. Ridker; R. Holman; T. Meade; S. MacMahon; I. Marschner; J. Shaw; P. W. Serruys; H. Nakamura; G. Knatterud; C. Furberg; R. Byington; P. Macfarlane; S. Cobbe; I. Ford; M. Murphy; G. J. Blauw; C. Packard; J. Shepherd; J. Kjekshus; T. Pedersen; L. Wilhelmsen; C. Cannon; S. Murphy; J. Armitage; L. Bowman; S. Parish; R. Peto; M. Landray; J. Rossouw; J. Probstfield; J. Shepherd; S. Cobbe; P. Macfarlane; I. Ford; M. Flather; J. Kastelein; C. Newman; C. Shear; J. Tobert; J. Varigos; H. White; S. Yusuf; E. H. Barnes; A. C. Keech; A. Kirby; I. C. Marschner; L. Blackwell; J. Emberson; W. G. Herrington; L. E. Holland; B. Mihaylova; C. Reith; C. Cholesterol Treatment Trialists"	"2015"	"Efficacy and safety of LDL-lowering therapy among men and women: meta-analysis of individual data from 174 000 participants in 27 randomised trials"	"Lancet"	"385"	"9976"	"1397-1405"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000352719800028"	"10.1016/s0140-6736(14)61368-4"	"coronary-heart-disease
primary prevention
cardiovascular events
myocardial-infarction
secondary prevention
statin therapy
simvastatin
rosuvastatin
guidelines
gender
General & Internal Medicine"	"Background Whether statin therapy is as effective in women as in men is debated, especially for primary prevention. We undertook a meta-analysis of statin trials in the Cholesterol Treatment Trialists' (CTT) Collaboration database to compare the effects of statin therapy between women and men. Methods We performed meta-analyses on data from 22 trials of statin therapy versus control (n=134 537) and five trials of more-intensive versus less-intensive statin therapy (n=39 612). Effects on major vascular events, major coronary events, stroke, coronary revascularisation and mortality were weighted per 1.0 mmol/L reduction in LDL cholesterol and effects in men and women compared with a Cox model that adjusted for non-sex differences. For subgroup analyses, we used 99% CIs to make allowance for the multiplicity of comparisons. Findings 46 675 (27%) of 174 149 randomly assigned participants were women. Allocation to a statin had similar absolute effects on 1 year lipid concentrations in both men and women (LDL cholesterol reduced by about 1.1 mmol/L in statin vs control trials and roughly 0.5 mmol/L for more-intensive vs less-intensive therapy). Women were generally at lower cardiovascular risk than were men in these trials. The proportional reductions per 1.0 mmol/L reduction in LDL cholesterol in major vascular events were similar overall for women (rate ratio [RR] 0.84, 99% CI 0.78-0.91) and men (RR 0.78, 99% CI 0.75-0.81, adjusted p value for heterogeneity by sex=0.33) and also for those women and men at less than 10% predicted 5 year absolute cardiovascular risk (adjusted heterogeneity p=0.11). Likewise, the proportional reductions in major coronary events, coronary revascularisation, and stroke did not differ significantly by sex. No adverse effect on rates of cancer incidence or non-cardiovascular mortality was noted for either sex. These net benefits translated into all-cause mortality reductions with statin therapy for both women (RR 0.91, 99% CI 0.84-0.99) and men (RR 0.90, 99% CI 0.86-0.95; adjusted heterogeneity p=0.43). Interpretation In men and women at an equivalent risk of cardiovascular disease, statin therapy is of similar effectiveness for the prevention of major vascular events."
"Journal Article"	"A. R. Sepulveda; S. R. Hamilton; C. J. Allegra; W. Grody; A. M. Cushman-Vokoun; W. K. Funkhouser; S. E. Kopetz; C. Lieu; N. M. Lindor; B. D. Minsky; F. A. Monzon; D. J. Sargent; V. M. Singh; J. Willis; J. Clark; C. Colasacco; R. B. Rumble; R. Temple-Smolkin; C. B. Ventura; J. A. Nowak"	"2017"	"Molecular Biomarkers for the Evaluation of Colorectal Cancer: Guideline From the American Society for Clinical Pathology, College of American Pathologists, Association for Molecular Pathology, and the American Society of Clinical Oncology"	"Journal of clinical oncology : official journal of the American Society of Clinical Oncology"	"35"	"13"	"1453-1486"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28165299"	"10.1200/JCO.2016.71.9807"	"Biomarkers, Tumor/*analysis/genetics/metabolism
Colorectal Neoplasms/*diagnosis/genetics/metabolism/pathology
Humans"	"Purpose Molecular testing of colorectal cancers (CRCs) to improve patient care and outcomes of targeted and conventional therapies has been the center of many recent studies, including clinical trials. Evidence-based recommendations for the molecular testing of CRC tissues to guide epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) -targeted therapies and conventional chemotherapy regimens are warranted in clinical practice. The purpose of this guideline is to develop evidence-based recommendations to help establish standard molecular biomarker testing for CRC through a systematic review of the literature. Methods The American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP), College of American Pathologists (CAP), Association for Molecular Pathology (AMP), and the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) convened an Expert Panel to develop an evidence-based guideline to help establish standard molecular biomarker testing, guide targeted therapies, and advance personalized care for patients with CRC. A comprehensive literature search that included over 4,000 articles was conducted to gather data to inform this guideline. Results Twenty-one guideline statements (eight recommendations, 10 expert consensus opinions and three no recommendations) were established. Recommendations Evidence supports mutational testing for genes in the EGFR signaling pathway, since they provide clinically actionable information as negative predictors of benefit to anti-EGFR monoclonal antibody therapies for targeted therapy of CRC. Mutations in several of the biomarkers have clear prognostic value. Laboratory approaches to operationalize molecular testing for predictive and prognostic molecular biomarkers involve selection of assays, type of specimens to be tested, timing of ordering of tests and turnaround time for testing results. Additional information is available at: www.asco.org/CRC-markers-guideline and www.asco.org/guidelineswiki."
"Journal Article"	"J. Chahla; N. S. Piuzzi; J. J. Mitchell; C. S. Dean; C. Pascual-Garrido; R. F. LaPrade; G. F. Muschler"	"2016"	"Intra-Articular Cellular Therapy for Osteoarthritis and Focal Cartilage Defects of the Knee A Systematic Review of the Literature and Study Quality Analysis"	"Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume"	"98"	"18"	"1511-1521"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000395949300007"	"10.2106/jbjs.15.01495"	"mesenchymal stem-cells
platelet-rich plasma
autologous chondrocyte
implantation
high tibial osteotomy
human bone-marrow
clinically
superior
hyaluronic-acid
outcomes
repair
viscosupplementation
Orthopedics
Surgery"	"Background: Intra-articular cellular therapy injections constitute an appealing strategy that may modify the intra-articular milieu or regenerate cartilage in the settings of osteoarthritis and focal cartilage defects. However, little consensus exists regarding the indications for cellular therapies, optimal cell sources, methods of preparation and delivery, or means by which outcomes should be reported. Methods: We present a systematic review of the current literature regarding the safety and efficacy of cellular therapy delivered by intra-articular injection in the knee that provided a Level of Evidence of III or higher. A total of 420 papers were screened. Methodological quality was assessed using a modified Coleman methodology score. Results: Only 6 studies (4 Level II and 2 Level III) met the criteria to be included in this review; 3 studies were on treatment of osteoarthritis and 3 were on treatment of focal cartilage defects. These included 4 randomized controlled studies without blinding, 1 prospective cohort study, and 1 retrospective therapeutic case-control study. The studies varied widely with respect to cell sources, cell characterization, adjuvant therapies, and assessment of outcomes. Outcome was reported in a total of 300 knees (124 in the osteoarthritis studies and 176 in the cartilage defect studies). Mean follow-up was 21.0 months (range, 12 to 36 months). All studies reported improved outcomes with intra-articular cellular therapy and no major adverse events. The mean modified Coleman methodology score was 59.1 +/- 16 (range, 32 to 82). Conclusions: The studies of intra-articular cellular therapy injections for osteoarthritis and focal cartilage defects in the human knee suggested positive results with respect to clinical improvement and safety. However, the improvement was modest and a placebo effect cannot be disregarded. The overall quality of the literature was poor, and the methodological quality was fair, even among Level-II and III studies. Effective clinical assessment and optimization of injection therapies will demand greater attention to study methodology, including blinding; standardized quantitative methods for cell harvesting, processing, characterization, and delivery; and standardized reporting of clinical and structural outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"J. M. Smith; J. M. Broyles; Y. Guo; S. H. Tuffaha; D. Mathes; J. M. Sacks"	"2018"	"Human acellular dermis increases surgical site infection and overall complication profile when compared with submuscular breast reconstruction: An updated meta-analysis incorporating new products(✰)"	"Journal of plastic, reconstructive & aesthetic surgery : JPRAS"	"71"	"11"	"1547-1556"		"Netherlands"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30093286"	"10.1016/j.bjps.2018.06.012"	"*ADM
*Acellular Dermal Matrix
*Breast Reconstruction
*Tissue Engineering
Acellular Dermis/*adverse effects
Female
Humans
Mammaplasty/*methods
Models, Statistical
Postoperative Complications/epidemiology/*etiology
Risk Factors
Surgical Wound Infection/epidemiology/etiology"	"BACKGROUND: Human acellular dermal matrix (HADM) is an increasingly used adjunct to breast reconstruction. Previous meta-analyses demonstrate increased risks of complications, but these studies largely represent one product. The purpose of this study is to stratify outcomes on the basis of a meta-analysis of complications incorporating all new studies after 2012 and their associated new human-based products. METHODS: A query of the MEDLINE database for articles on HADM and breast reconstruction from January 2012 to October 2015 yielded 172 citations. Two levels of screening identified 47 relevant studies. Thirteen studies were used in comparative meta-analysis. RESULTS: Complication rates were higher in HADM patients: total complications, 17.7% versus 6.1%; seroma, 8.3% versus 5.4%; infection, 7.2% versus 5.9%; and flap necrosis, 14.7% versus 7.1%. Meta-analysis revealed a statistically significant increased risk of total complications in patients who underwent reconstruction with HADM when compared with their submuscular reconstruction cohort (p = 0.03; relative risk (RR) = 1.46; confidence interval (CI): 1.04-2.04). Patients who underwent reconstruction with HADM demonstrated a significantly increased risk of flap necrosis (p < 0.01; RR = 2.39; CI: 1.8-3.16) and infection (p = 0.02; RR = 1.5; CI: 1.07-2.09) when compared with those who underwent submuscular reconstruction. There was no significant difference in seroma, hematoma, or implant explantation between these two groups. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests an increased risk of overall complications, specifically infection and flap necrosis, in patients who underwent tissue expander/implant breast reconstruction with HADM when compared with those who underwent submuscular placement. This must be weighed against the advantages in enhancing aesthetic outcomes, increasing intraoperative fill volume, and ameliorating capsular contracture."
"Journal Article"	"R. M. Frank; K. C. Wang; A. Davey; E. J. Cotter; B. J. Cole; A. A. Romeo; C. A. Bush-Joseph; B. R. Bach, Jr.; N. N. Verma"	"2018"	"Utility of Modern Arthroscopic Simulator Training Models: A Meta-analysis and Updated Systematic Review"	"Arthroscopy : the journal of arthroscopic & related surgery : official publication of the Arthroscopy Association of North America and the International Arthroscopy Association"	"34"	"5"	"1650-1677"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29366742"	"10.1016/j.arthro.2017.10.048"	"Arthroscopy/*education
Clinical Competence/*standards
*Computer Simulation
Education, Medical, Graduate/*methods
Humans
Internship and Residency/*methods
Operating Rooms
Orthopedics/*education
Simulation Training/*statistics & numerical data"	"PURPOSE: To determine the utility of modern arthroscopic simulators in transferring skills learned on the model to the operating room. METHODS: A meta-analysis and systematic review of all English-language studies relevant to validated arthroscopic simulation models using PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses) guidelines from 1999 to 2016 was performed. Data collected included the specific simulator model, the joint used, participant demographic characteristics, participant level of training, training session information, type and number of tasks, pre- and post-training assessments, and overall outcomes of simulator performance. Three independent reviewers analyzed all studies. RESULTS: Fifty-seven studies with 1,698 participants met the study criteria and were included. Of the studies, 25 (44%) incorporated an arthroscopic training program into the study methods whereas 32 (56%) did not. In 46 studies (81%), the studies' respective simulator models were used to assess arthroscopic performance, whereas 9 studies (16%) used Sawbones models, 8 (14%) used cadaveric models, and 4 (7%) evaluated subject performance on a live patient in the operating room. In 21 studies (37%), simulator performance was compared with experience level, with 20 of these (95%) showing that clinical experience correlated with simulator performance. In 25 studies (44%), task performance was evaluated before and after simulator training, with 24 of these (96%) showing improvement after training. All 4 studies that included live-patient arthroscopy reported improved operating room performance after simulator training compared with the performance of subjects not participating in a training program. CONCLUSIONS: This review suggests that (1) training on arthroscopic simulators improves performance on arthroscopic simulators and (2) performance on simulators for basic diagnostic arthroscopy correlates with experience level. Limited data suggest that simulator training can improve basic diagnostic arthroscopy skills in vivo. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level IV, systematic review of Level I through IV studies."
"Journal Article"	"S. M. Ittoop; J. R. SooHoo; L. K. Seibold; K. Mansouri; M. Y. Kahook"	"2016"	"Systematic Review of Current Devices for 24-h Intraocular Pressure Monitoring"	"Advances in therapy"	"33"	"10"	"1679-1690"	"Springer Healthcare"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27531519
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5055550/"	"10.1007/s12325-016-0388-4"	"*24-h
*Contact lens sensor
*EYECARE® (Implandata Ophthalmic Products GmbH)
*Glaucoma
*Icare® tonometer (Icare Finland Oy)
*Intraocular pressure
*Phosphene tonometer
*Self-tonometry
*Triggerfish® (Sensimed AG)
*Wireless intraocular transducer
Glaucoma/complications/*diagnosis/physiopathology
Humans
Intraocular Pressure/*physiology
Monitoring, Physiologic/instrumentation/methods
*Tonometry, Ocular/instrumentation/methods
*Vision Disorders/etiology/prevention & control"	"Glaucoma is a common optic neuropathy that can lead to irreversible vision loss, and intraocular pressure (IOP) is the only known modifiable risk factor. The primary method of treating glaucoma involves lowering IOP using medications, laser and/or invasive surgery. Currently, we rely on in-office measurements of IOP to assess diurnal variation and to define successful management of disease. These measurements only convey a fraction of a patient's circadian IOP pattern and may frequently miss peak IOP levels. There is an unmet need for a reliable and accurate device for 24-h IOP monitoring. The 24-h IOP monitoring devices that are currently available and in development fall into three main categories: self-monitoring, temporary continuous monitoring, and permanent continuous monitoring. This article is a systematic review of current and future technologies for measuring IOP over a 24-h period."
"Journal Article"	"N. S. Piuzzi; J. Chahla; J. B. Schrock; R. F. LaPrade; C. Pascual-Garrido; M. A. Mont; G. F. Muschler"	"2017"	"Evidence for the Use of Cell-Based Therapy for the Treatment of Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Systematic Review of the Literature"	"Journal of Arthroplasty"	"32"	"5"	"1698-1708"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000401132100052"	"10.1016/j.arth.2016.12.049"	"osteonecrosis of the femoral head
cell therapy
hip preservation
systematic review
stem cells
cell-based therapy
early-stage osteonecrosis
marrow mononuclear-cells
mesenchymal
stem-cells
5-year follow-up
bone-marrow
core decompression
avascular
necrosis
clinical-trial
stromal cells
implantation
Orthopedics"	"Background: Cell-therapy has beenpromoted among the therapeutic arsenal that can aid in bone formation and remodeling, in early stages of osteonecrosis of the femoral head (ONFH). The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the evidence supporting the (1) clinical efficacy; (2) structural modifying effect, as evaluated radiographically; (3) revision rates; and (4) safety of cell-therapy for the treatment of ONFH. Methods: A systematic review was performed including studies with a level-of-evidence of III or higher. A total of 1483 articles were screened. Eleven studies met the criteria for inclusion in this review (level-of-evidence: 6 level-I, 1 level-II, and 4 level-III), including 683 cases of ONFH. Results: All 10 studies that reported patient-reported outcomes showed improved outcomes in the cell-therapy groups compared with the control group. Overall, 24.5% (93/380 hips) that received cell-therapy showed radiographic progression compared with 40% (98/245 hips) in the control group. Nine of 10 studies that reported failure rates showed a lower total hip arthroplasty conversion rate in the cell-therapy group 16% (62/380 hips) compared with the control group 21% (52/252 hips). There was a low complication rate (<3%) with no major adverse effects. Conclusion: Cell-therapies for the treatment of ONFH have been reported to be safe and suggest improved clinical outcomes with lower disease progression rate. However, there was substantial heterogeneity in the included studies, and in the cell-based therapies used. Specific clinical indications and cell-therapy standardization are required because studies varied widely with respect to cell sourcing, cell characterization, adjuvant therapies, and assessment of outcomes. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"Journal Article"	"J. W. Belk; M. J. Kraeutler; H. A. Marshall; J. A. Goodrich; E. C. McCarty"	"2018"	"Quadriceps Tendon Autograft for Primary Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: A Systematic Review of Comparative Studies With Minimum 2-Year Follow-Up"	"Arthroscopy : the journal of arthroscopic & related surgery : official publication of the Arthroscopy Association of North America and the International Arthroscopy Association"	"34"	"5"	"1699-1707"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29628379"	"10.1016/j.arthro.2018.01.047"	"Anterior Cruciate Ligament/*surgery
Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injuries/*surgery
Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction/*methods
Follow-Up Studies
Hamstring Tendons/*transplantation
Humans
Quadriceps Muscle/*surgery
Time Factors
Transplantation, Autologous"	"PURPOSE: To systematically review the literature in an effort to compare outcomes of patients undergoing primary anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) with a quadriceps tendon (QT) autograft versus a bone-patellar tendon-bone (BPTB) or hamstring tendon (HT) autograft. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, the Cochrane Library, and Embase to locate studies (Level of Evidence I-III) comparing the clinical outcomes of the QT autograft versus the BPTB or HT autograft in patients undergoing primary ACLR. Patients were evaluated based on graft failure rate, examination of knee laxity, and patient-reported outcome scores. RESULTS: Eight studies (1 Level II, 7 Level III) were identified that met inclusion criteria, including a total of 368 patients undergoing primary ACLR with a QT autograft, 225 with a BPTB autograft, and 150 with an HT autograft. The average follow-up duration for all patients was 2.9 years. Overall, 2.8% of patients (17/603) experienced graft failure. Within the studies that compared the QT versus BPTB autograft, no study found a significant difference in graft failure rate between groups, and the odds ratio for graft failure between QT and BPTB was found to be 1.58 (95% confidence interval: 0.49-5.07; P = .44). Within the studies that compared graft failure rate between the QT and HT autograft, none found significant differences between groups, although a meta-analysis was not performed because of a low number of trials. Two studies found significantly greater postoperative knee laxity in HT patients compared with QT patients (P < .05), although there were no significant differences found in laxity measurements between QT and BPTB patients. CONCLUSIONS: Patients undergoing primary ACLR with either a QT, BPTB, or HT autograft can all be expected to experience improvement in clinical outcomes. QT patients experienced less knee laxity postoperatively compared with HT patients, although no significant differences were found in graft failure rate between groups. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level III, systematic review of Level II and III studies."
"Journal Article"	"C. Ma; B. D. van Rhijn; V. Jairath; T. M. Nguyen; C. E. Parker; S. S. Aceves; G. T. Furuta; S. K. Gupta; D. A. Katzka; E. Safroneeva; A. M. Schoepfer; A. Straumann; J. M. Spergel; R. K. Pai; B. G. Feagan; I. Hirano; E. S. Dellon; A. J. Bredenoord"	"2018"	"Heterogeneity in Clinical, Endoscopic, and Histologic Outcome Measures and Placebo Response Rates in Clinical Trials of Eosinophilic Esophagitis: A Systematic Review"	"Clinical gastroenterology and hepatology : the official clinical practice journal of the American Gastroenterological Association"	"16"	"11"	"1714-1729.e3"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29908360"	"10.1016/j.cgh.2018.06.005"	"*Drug
*Endoscopy
*Esophagus
*Histology
*Inflammation
*Patient-Reported Outcomes
*Placebo"	"BACKGROUND & AIMS: Agents are being developed for treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). However, it is not clear what outcome measures would best determine the efficacy and safety of these agents in clinical trials. We performed a systematic review of outcomes used in randomized placebo-controlled trials of EoE and we estimate the placebo response and rates of remission. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the EU Clinical Trials Register from inception through February 20, 2018 for randomized controlled trials of pharmacologic therapies for EoE. Efficacy outcome definitions, measurement tools, and the proportion of patients responding to placebo were collected and stratified by based on histologic, endoscopic, and patient-reported outcomes. RESULTS: We analyzed data from 22 placebo-controlled trials, comprising 1112 patients with EoE. Ten additional active registered trials were identified. Most published trials evaluated topical corticosteroid therapy (13/22, 59.1%). Histologic outcomes measuring eosinophil density and patient-reported outcomes were reported in 21/22 published trials (95.5%). No consistently applied definitions of histologic or patient-reported response or remission were identified. Endoscopic outcomes were described in 60% (12/20) of published trials. The EoE Endoscopic Reference Score is the most commonly applied tool for describing changes in endoscopic appearance. The median histologic response to placebo was 3.7% (range, 0%-31.6%) and the median rate of remission in patients given placebo was 0.0% (range, 0%-11.0%). The median patient-reported response to placebo was 14.4% (range, 8.6%-77.8%) and rate of remission in patients given placebo was 26.2% (range, 13.2%-35.7%). CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review of the literature, we found that no standardized definitions of histologic, endoscopic, or patient-reported outcomes are used to determine whether pharmacologic agents produce a response or remission in patients with EoE. A core outcome set is needed to reduce heterogeneity in outcome reporting and facilitate trial interpretation and comparison of results from trials."
"Journal Article"	"J. W. Belk; M. J. Kraeutler; J. M. Purcell; E. C. McCarty"	"2018"	"Autograft Versus Allograft for Posterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: An Updated Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"The American journal of sports medicine"	"46"	"7"	"1752-1757"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28636429"	"10.1177/0363546517713164"	"*allograft
*autograft
*posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction
Achilles Tendon/transplantation
Humans
Joint Instability
Knee/surgery
Knee Injuries/surgery
Knee Joint/surgery
Patellar Ligament/transplantation
Posterior Cruciate Ligament/surgery
Posterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction/*methods
*Transplantation, Autologous
*Transplantation, Homologous
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND: Multiple studies have demonstrated a higher risk of graft failure after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with allograft, but limited data are available comparing outcomes of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (PCLR) with autograft versus allograft. PURPOSE: To compare the clinical outcomes of autograft versus allograft for primary PCLR. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, the Cochrane Library, and EMBASE to locate studies (level of evidence I-III) comparing clinical outcomes of autograft versus allograft in patients undergoing primary PCLR with the conventional transtibial technique. Search terms used were "posterior cruciate ligament," "autograft," and "allograft." Patients were evaluated based on graft failure rate, examination of knee laxity, and patient-reported outcome scores (Lysholm, Tegner, subjective International Knee Documentation Committee [IKDC], and objective IKDC scores). RESULTS: Five studies (2 level II, 3 level III) were identified that met inclusion criteria, including a total of 132 patients undergoing PCLR with autograft (semitendinosus-gracilis or bone-patellar tendon-bone) and 110 patients with allograft (tibialis anterior, Achilles tendon, or bone-patellar tendon-bone). No patients experienced graft failure. Average anteroposterior (AP) knee laxity was significantly higher in allograft patients (3.8 mm) compared with autograft patients (3.1 mm) ( P < .01). Subjective IKDC, Lysholm, and Tegner scores improved for both groups across studies, without a significant difference in improvement between groups except in one study, in which Lysholm scores improved to a significantly greater extent in the autograft group ( P < .01). CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing primary PCLR with either autograft or allograft can be expected to experience improvement in clinical outcomes. Autograft patients experienced less AP knee laxity postoperatively, although the clinical significance of this is unclear and subjective outcomes improved substantially and to a similar degree in both groups."
"Journal Article"	"L. V. Miller; K. M. Hambidge; N. F. Krebs"	"2015"	"Zinc Absorption Is Not Related to Dietary Phytate Intake in Infants and Young Children Based on Modeling Combined Data from Multiple Studies"	"The Journal of nutrition"	"145"	"8"	"1763-1769"	"American Society for Nutrition"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26108545
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4516773/"	"10.3945/jn.115.213074"	"dietary phytate
dietary zinc
infants
mathematical modeling
young children
zinc absorption
Child, Preschool
Diet
Food Analysis
Humans
Infant
Models, Biological
Phytic Acid/*administration & dosage/metabolism
Zinc/*metabolism"	"BACKGROUND: It is widely understood that the 2 primary factors affecting dietary zinc absorption in adults are the quantities of zinc and phytate in the diet. Although a similar association of absorption to dietary zinc and phytate is presumed to exist in children, to our knowledge, no large-scale examination of the relation of zinc absorption to dietary and growth factors has been conducted. OBJECTIVE: The goal was to apply an adult absorption model and related models to data from zinc absorption studies of infants and children in order to determine the nature of the relation of zinc absorption to dietary zinc and phytate, age, body size, and zinc homeostatic variables. METHODS: Data from 236 children between 8 and 50 mo of age were obtained from stable-isotope studies of zinc absorption. Statistical and mechanistic models were fit to the data using linear and nonlinear regression analysis. RESULTS: The effect of dietary phytate on zinc absorption when controlling for dietary zinc was very small and not statistically discernable (P = 0.29). A 500-mg/d increase in dietary phytate reduced absorbed zinc by <0.04 mg/d. Absorption was observed to vary with age, weight, and height (P < 0.0001) when controlling for dietary zinc. For example, absorption from 6 mg/d of dietary zinc increased by as much as 0.2 mg/d with a 12-mo increase in age. Absorption varied with weight and exchangeable zinc pool size (0.01 < P < 0.05) when controlling for dietary zinc and age. CONCLUSIONS: The absence of a detectable phytate effect on zinc absorption raises caution about use of dietary phytate:zinc molar ratios to predict zinc bioavailability and does not support phytate reduction as a strategy to improve zinc status of young children. The effect of age on zinc absorption and the absence of a phytate effect should facilitate estimations of dietary zinc needs in young children."
"Journal Article"	"T. A. Wadden; M. L. Butryn; P. S. Hong; A. G. Tsai"	"2014"	"Behavioral treatment of obesity in patients encountered in primary care settings: a systematic review"	"JAMA"	"312"	"17"	"1779-1791"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25369490
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4443898/
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/articlepdf/1920976/jrv140017.pdf"	"10.1001/jama.2014.14173"	"*Behavior Therapy
*Counseling
Guideline Adherence
Humans
Obesity/*therapy
Overweight/*therapy
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Practice Patterns, Physicians'/statistics & numerical data
Primary Health Care/*statistics & numerical data"	"IMPORTANCE: In 2011, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) approved intensive behavioral weight loss counseling for approximately 14 face-to-face, 10- to 15-minute sessions over 6 months for obese beneficiaries in primary care settings, when delivered by physicians and other CMS-defined primary care practitioners. OBJECTIVE: To conduct a systematic review of behavioral counseling for overweight and obese patients recruited from primary care, as delivered by primary care practitioners working alone or with trained interventionists (eg, medical assistants, registered dietitians), or by trained interventionists working independently. EVIDENCE REVIEW: We searched PubMed, CINAHL, and EMBASE for randomized controlled trials published between January 1980 and June 2014 that recruited overweight and obese patients from primary care; provided behavioral counseling (ie, diet, exercise, and behavioral therapy) for at least 3 months, with at least 6 months of postrandomization follow-up; included at least 15 participants per treatment group and objectively measured weights; and had a comparator, an intention-to-treat analysis, and attrition of less than 30% at 1 year or less than 40% at longer follow-up. FINDINGS: Review of 3304 abstracts yielded 12 trials, involving 3893 participants, that met inclusion-exclusion criteria and prespecified quality ratings. No studies were found in which primary care practitioners delivered counseling that followed the CMS guidelines. Mean 6-month weight changes from baseline in the intervention groups ranged from a loss of 0.3 kg to 6.6 kg. In the control group, mean change ranged from a gain of 0.9 kg to a loss of 2.0 kg. Weight loss in both groups generally declined with longer follow-up (12-24 months). Interventions that prescribed both reduced energy intake (eg, ≥ 500 kcal/d) and increased physical activity (eg, ≥150 minutes a week of walking), with traditional behavioral therapy, generally produced larger weight loss than interventions without all 3 specific components. In the former trials, more treatment sessions, delivered in person or by telephone by trained interventionists, were associated with greater mean weight loss and likelihood of patients losing 5% or more of baseline weight. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Intensive behavioral counseling can induce clinically meaningful weight loss, but there is little research on primary care practitioners providing such care. The present findings suggest that a range of trained interventionists, who deliver counseling in person or by telephone, could be considered for treating overweight or obesity in patients encountered in primary care settings."
"Journal Article"	"P.-Y. Iroh Tam; B. K. Thielen; S. K. Obaro; A. M. Brearley; A. M. Kaizer; H. Chu; E. N. Janoff"	"2017"	"Childhood pneumococcal disease in Africa - A systematic review and meta-analysis of incidence, serotype distribution, and antimicrobial susceptibility"	"Vaccine"	"35"	"15"	"1817-1827"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28284682
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5404696/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5404696/pdf/nihms855144.pdf"	"10.1016/j.vaccine.2017.02.045"	"*Children
*Incidence
*Invasive pneumococcal disease
*Meta-analysis
*Penicillin susceptibility
*Pneumonia
*Serotype
*Streptococcus pneumoniae
*Systematic review
Africa/epidemiology
Humans
Incidence
*Penicillin Resistance
Pneumococcal Infections/*epidemiology/*microbiology
Prevalence
*Serogroup
Streptococcus pneumoniae/*classification/*drug effects/isolation & purification"	"BACKGROUND: Determining the incidence, disease-associated serotypes and antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD) among children in Africa is essential in order to monitor the impact of these infections prior to widespread introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV). METHODS: To provide updated estimates of the incidence, serotype distribution, and antimicrobial susceptibility profile of Streptococcus pneumoniae causing disease in Africa, we performed a systematic review of articles published from 2000 to 2015 using Ovid Medline and Embase. We included prospective and surveillance studies that applied predefined diagnostic criteria. Meta-analysis for all pooled analyses was based on random-effects models. RESULTS: We included 38 studies consisting of 386,880 participants in 21 countries over a total of 350,613 person-years. The pooled incidence of IPD was 62.6 (95% CI 16.9, 226.5) per 100,000 person-years, including meningitis which had a pooled incidence of 24.7 (95% CI 11.9, 51.6) per 100,000 person-years. The pooled prevalence of penicillin susceptibility was 78.1% (95% CI 61.9, 89.2). Cumulatively, PCV10 and PCV13 included 66.9% (95% CI 55.9, 76.7) and 80.6% (95% CI 66.3, 90.5) of IPD serotypes, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our study provides an integrated and robust summary of incidence data, serotype distribution and antimicrobial susceptibility for S. pneumoniae in children ≤5years of age in Africa prior to widespread introduction of PCV on the continent. The heterogeneity of studies and wide range of incidence rates across the continent indicate that surveillance efforts should be intensified in all regions of Africa to improve the integrity of epidemiologic data, vaccine impact and cost benefit. Although the incidence of IPD in young children in Africa is substantial, currently available conjugate vaccines are estimated to cover the majority of invasive disease-causing pneumococcal serotypes. These data provide a reliable baseline from which to monitor the impact of the broad introduction of PCV."
"Journal Article"	"J. B. Schrock; M. J. Kraeutler; E. C. McCarty"	"2016"	"Trends in Authorship Characteristics in The American Journal of Sports Medicine, 1994 to 2014"	"The American journal of sports medicine"	"44"	"7"	"1857-1860"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27159311"	"10.1177/0363546516639955"	"*The American Journal of Sports Medicine
*authorship
*international
*sports medicine
Publishing/*trends
United States"	"BACKGROUND: Trends in author qualifications, the number of authors per article, and the internationalization of author groups in sports medicine journals have not been widely investigated. PURPOSE: To examine trends in authorship characteristics in a single prominent sports medicine journal. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review. METHODS: Articles published in The American Journal of Sports Medicine (AJSM) in 1994, 2004, and 2014 were reviewed. For each article, the academic degree(s) of the first and last author, the total number of authors, the country of the author group, and academic institution status were recorded. RESULTS: A total of 708 articles met the inclusion criteria: 129 in 1994, 244 in 2004, and 335 in 2014. There were significant differences in the proportion of first authors with an MD degree (80% in 1994, 75% in 2004, 67% in 2014; P = .01), a dual MD/PhD degree (4.7% in 1994, 6.2% in 2004, 9.3% in 2014; P < .001), and a bachelor's degree (0% in 1994, 0% in 2004, 3.9% in 2014; P < .001). The proportion of last authors with an MD/PhD significantly increased over the 2 decades studied (7% in 1994, 13% in 2004, 17% in 2014; P = .01). The mean number of authors per article also significantly increased (3.8 in 1994, 4.3 in 2004, 5.8 in 2014; P < .0001). The proportion of articles published by an international group and the proportion of articles published by an academic institution increased over the 20-year span as well (both P < .0001). CONCLUSION: Within the past 2 decades, there has been a significant increase in the average number of authors per article in AJSM, as well as a higher proportion of international groups and academic institutions publishing in the journal. More nonphysicians are publishing in AJSM, with a significantly higher percentage of first authors with a bachelor's degree as their highest degree. This is likely due to a combination of a general increased interest in research as well as increased competition among medical students. These factors have likely led to larger research groups and thus a significantly higher average number of authors per article."
"Journal Article"	"R. N. Keswani; B. J. Qumseya; L. C. O'Dwyer; S. Wani"	"2017"	"Association Between Endoscopist and Center Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography Volume With Procedure Success and Adverse Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Clinical gastroenterology and hepatology : the official clinical practice journal of the American Gastroenterological Association"	"15"	"12"	"1866-1875.e3"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28606848"	"10.1016/j.cgh.2017.06.002"	"Adverse Events
ERCP
Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography
Pancreatitis
Success Rates
Volume
Cholangiopancreatography, Endoscopic Retrograde/*adverse effects/*statistics & numerical data
Gastrointestinal Diseases/*diagnosis/*therapy
Humans
Iatrogenic Disease/epidemiology
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND & AIMS: Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) has become a predominantly therapeutic intervention with a resultant increase in complexity. The relationship between ERCP volume and outcomes is unclear. We aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis assessing the relationship between endoscopist and center ERCP volume with ERCP success and adverse event (AE) rates. METHODS: A comprehensive search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was conducted from inception to January 2017. Studies providing outcomes stratified by endoscopist and/or center volume were included in the final analysis. Endoscopist/center volume was stratified as low volume (LV) and high volume (HV). The definition of ERCP success varied between studies. The overall AE rate was a composite rate including pancreatitis, perforation, and bleeding. RESULTS: A literature search resulted in 1264 citations. Of those, 13 articles (n = 59,437 ERCPs) met inclusion criteria. LV endoscopist (<25 to <156 annual ERCPs) and center (<87 to <200 annual ERCPs) definitions varied between studies. HV endoscopists were significantly more likely to achieve ERCP success compared with LV endoscopists (odds ratio [OR], 1.6; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.2-2.1). HV centers were significantly more likely to achieve ERCP success (OR, 2; 95% CI, 1.6-2.5). The post-ERCP AE risk was lower for HV endoscopists (OR, 0.7; 95% CI, 0.5-0.8) but not HV centers (OR, 0.7; 95% CI, 0.3-1.5). CONCLUSIONS: This study identifies a significant relationship between increasing endoscopist and center ERCP volume with overall procedure success. Increasing endoscopist volume also was associated with a decreased AE rate. Given these compelling findings, we propose that providers and payers consider consolidating ERCP to HV endoscopists to improve ERCP outcomes and value."
"Journal Article"	"N. T. Shen; A. Maw; L. L. Tmanova; A. Pino; K. Ancy; C. V. Crawford; M. S. Simon; A. T. Evans"	"2017"	"Timely Use of Probiotics in Hospitalized Adults Prevents Clostridium difficile Infection: A Systematic Review With Meta-Regression Analysis"	"Gastroenterology"	"152"	"8"	"1889-1900.e9"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28192108"	"10.1053/j.gastro.2017.02.003"	"*Antibiotic-Associated Diarrhea
*Lactobacillus
*Meta-analysis
*Nosocomial Infection
Adult
Anti-Bacterial Agents/*adverse effects
Clostridium difficile/*pathogenicity
Cross Infection/epidemiology/microbiology/physiopathology/*prevention & control
Enterocolitis, Pseudomembranous/epidemiology/microbiology/physiopathology/*prevention & control
*Gastrointestinal Microbiome
Gastrointestinal Tract/*microbiology/physiopathology
*Hospitalization
Humans
Incidence
Odds Ratio
Probiotics/*administration & dosage
Risk Factors
Time Factors
Treatment Outcome"	"BACKGROUND & AIMS: Systematic reviews have provided evidence for the efficacy of probiotics in preventing Clostridium difficile infection (CDI), but guidelines do not recommend probiotic use for prevention of CDI. We performed an updated systematic review to help guide clinical practice. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, International Journal of Probiotics and Prebiotics, and The Cochrane Library databases for randomized controlled trials evaluating use of probiotics and CDI in hospitalized adults taking antibiotics. Two reviewers independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias and overall quality of the evidence. Primary and secondary outcomes were incidence of CDI and adverse events, respectively. Secondary analyses examined the effects of probiotic species, dose, timing, formulation, duration, and study quality. RESULTS: We analyzed data from 19 published studies, comprising 6261 subjects. The incidence of CDI in the probiotic cohort, 1.6% (54 of 3277), was lower than of controls, 3.9% (115 of 2984) (P < .001). The pooled relative risk of CDI in probiotic users was 0.42 (95% confidence interval, 0.30-0.57; I(2) = 0.0%). Meta-regression analysis demonstrated that probiotics were significantly more effective if given closer to the first antibiotic dose, with a decrement in efficacy for every day of delay in starting probiotics (P = .04); probiotics given within 2 days of antibiotic initiation produced a greater reduction of risk for CDI (relative risk, 0.32; 95% confidence interval, 0.22-0.48; I(2) = 0%) than later administration (relative risk, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.40-1.23; I(2) = 0%) (P = .02). There was no increased risk for adverse events among patients given probiotics. The overall quality of the evidence was high. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review with meta-regression analysis, we found evidence that administration of probiotics closer to the first dose of antibiotic reduces the risk of CDI by >50% in hospitalized adults. Future research should focus on optimal probiotic dose, species, and formulation. Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO CRD42015016395."
"Journal Article"	"K. A. Lindquist; A. B. Satpute; T. D. Wager; J. Weber; L. F. Barrett"	"2016"	"The Brain Basis of Positive and Negative Affect: Evidence from a Meta-Analysis of the Human Neuroimaging Literature"	"Cerebral Cortex"	"26"	"5"	"1910-1922"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000377469500006
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4830281/pdf/bhv001.pdf"	"10.1093/cercor/bhv001"	"affect
meta-analysis
neuroimaging
valence
value
multivariate pattern-analysis
functional architecture
anterior insula
emotion
amygdala
networks
science
stimuli
valence
system
Neurosciences & Neurology"	"The ability to experience pleasant or unpleasant feelings or to represent objects as "positive" or "negative" is known as representing hedonic "valence." Although scientists overwhelmingly agree that valence is a basic psychological phenomenon, debate continues about how to best conceptualize it scientifically. We used a meta-analysis of 397 functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and positron emission tomography studies (containing 914 experimental contrasts and 6827 participants) to test 3 competing hypotheses about the brain basis of valence: the bipolarity hypothesis that positive and negative affect are supported by a brain system that monotonically increases and/or decreases along the valence dimension, the bivalent hypothesis that positive and negative affect are supported by independent brain systems, and the affective workspace hypothesis that positive and negative affect are supported by a flexible set of valence-general regions. We found little evidence for the bipolar or bivalent hypotheses. Findings instead supported the hypothesis that, at the level of brain activity measurable by fMRI, valence is flexibly implemented across instances by a set of valence-general limbic and paralimbic brain regions."
"Journal Article"	"K. A. Moon; S. Oberoi; A. Barchowsky; Y. Chen; E. Guallar; K. E. Nachman; M. Rahman; N. Sohel; D. D'Ippoliti; T. J. Wade; K. A. James; S. F. Farzan; M. R. Karagas; H. Ahsan; A. Navas-Acien"	"2017"	"A dose-response meta-analysis of chronic arsenic exposure and incident cardiovascular disease"	"International journal of epidemiology"	"46"	"6"	"1924-1939"	"Oxford University Press"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29040626
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5837344/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5837344/pdf/dyx202.pdf"	"10.1093/ije/dyx202"	"*Arsenic
*cardiovascular disease
*dose-response
*meta-analysis
Arsenic/*toxicity
Cardiovascular Diseases/*epidemiology
Drinking Water/*chemistry
*Environmental Exposure
Humans
Incidence
Risk Assessment
Risk Factors
Water Pollutants, Chemical/*toxicity"	"BACKGROUND: Consistent evidence at high levels of water arsenic (≥100 µg/l), and growing evidence at low-moderate levels (<100 µg/l), support a link with cardiovascular disease (CVD). The shape of the dose-response across low-moderate and high levels of arsenic in drinking water is uncertain and critical for risk assessment. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review of general population epidemiological studies of arsenic and incident clinical CVD (all CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke) with three or more exposure categories. In a dose-response meta-analysis, we estimated the pooled association between log-transformed water arsenic (log-linear) and restricted cubic splines of log-transformed water arsenic (non-linear) and the relative risk of each CVD endpoint. RESULTS: Twelve studies (pooled N = 408 945) conducted at high (N = 7) and low-moderate (N = 5) levels of water arsenic met inclusion criteria, and 11 studies were included in the meta-analysis. Compared with 10 µg/l, the estimated pooled relative risks [95% confidence interval (CI)] for 20 µg/l water arsenic, based on a log-linear model, were 1.09 (1.03, 1.14) (N = 2) for CVD incidence, 1.07 (1.01, 1.14) (N = 6) for CVD mortality, 1.11 (1.05, 1.17) (N = 4) for CHD incidence, 1.16 (1.07, 1.26) (N = 6) for CHD mortality, 1.08 (0.99, 1.17) (N = 2) for stroke incidence and 1.06 (0.93, 1.20) (N = 6) for stroke mortality. We found no evidence of non-linearity, although these tests had low statistical power. CONCLUSIONS: Although limited by the small number of studies, this analysis supports quantitatively including CVD in inorganic arsenic risk assessment, and strengthens the evidence for an association between arsenic and CVD across low-moderate to high levels."
"Journal Article"	"N. G. Moreau; A. W. Bodkin; K. Bjornson; A. Hobbs; M. Soileau; K. Lahasky"	"2016"	"Effectiveness of Rehabilitation Interventions to Improve Gait Speed in Children With Cerebral Palsy: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Physical therapy"	"96"	"12"	"1938-1954"	"American Physical Therapy Association"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27313240
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5131187/
https://watermark.silverchair.com/ptj1938.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAokwggKFBgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggJ2MIICcgIBADCCAmsGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMeCQUrEqBpSnSmsCLAgEQgIICPFgOs5DP30SZfQVNima776slm_lkZDpcyaKywVJ7iqhPEKsUwlBmBIpRKj2eDYDE3j5NakmSW9TR_DwUDl0Zojqym7T9Xie1f-ZFnKtC7n7WoIDOHsm_reu2ttGpUIMC3jI_51_Odwjq9jeSMQllB_tZS-t3LcQEdm6XaVzyOyT04ApgbskKt26o7RDGdDW7fKXMgSRey_8wsP1OANjDz0LTfYhHq0g6jy1DAIUYrBxlXNzlmjsgAILxEGArmlQ8EVoYoteD7XWaUawGLAIVnuPrLj8XJDTDyZlSeuBrmO1fIy9-uZ1Fl6x9B6kpvWU6aBdpCwhS6Hiq6_7C5oM382RohrzX0zLGjAUgIStfD-nIDLcMv-VQnmIXTGm17-ZALJvUpaZag-HZvbWGRmIbk0eUnox56ZbaxYRNkho60K1gERGS19xVq6vLZ28B6HZ39qlpeFRvRuQcDkMtQK5Xu-uN578Jfw8x3YLnux399xDCf6Yy49n6dIVxGxEMDatkpPYYfQSLISe-Z1CTigasC0VdXdHG1vyak9JWlqM5ExeH6SwEfHa76S7Bntj1LQV7viobPRETdpheXn0HZVU0fBgwHEIgj4r5Cb0bq5bqb2iur-G0Nu8rDuS2pCqE6b67keTT-cG1KLZ91LlAi0Qxl4oxdMywsoW3ptosCvN3tHButdm47z3tjpqkUNAplkluEAVvHcHYSY6V8BjhvAfJ8JNn0Vqksvl5YoCHKK7wzk7K2xfA5xvpCng451wH"	"10.2522/ptj.20150401"	"Adolescent
Biofeedback, Psychology
Cerebral Palsy/physiopathology/*rehabilitation
Child
Child, Preschool
Electromyography
Humans
*Physical Therapy Modalities
Resistance Training
Vibration
Walking Speed/*physiology"	"BACKGROUND: Children with cerebral palsy (CP) have decreased gait speeds, which can negatively affect their community participation and quality of life. However, evidence for effective rehabilitation interventions to improve gait speed remains unclear. PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to determine the effectiveness of interventions for improving gait speed in ambulatory children with CP. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE/PubMed, CINAHL, ERIC, and PEDro were searched from inception through April 2014. STUDY SELECTION: The selected studies were randomized controlled trials or had experimental designs with a comparison group, included a physical therapy or rehabilitation intervention for children with CP, and reported gait speed as an outcome measure. DATA EXTRACTION: Methodological quality was assessed by PEDro scores. Means, standard deviations, and change scores for gait speed were extracted. General study information and dosing parameters (frequency, duration, intensity, and volume) of the intervention were recorded. DATA SYNTHESIS: Twenty-four studies were included. Three categories of interventions were identified: gait training (n=8), resistance training (n=9), and miscellaneous (n=7). Meta-analysis showed that gait training was effective in increasing gait speed, with a standardized effect size of 0.92 (95% confidence interval=0.19, 1.66; P=.01), whereas resistance training was shown to have a negligible effect (effect size=0.06; 95% confidence interval=-0.12, 0.25; P=.51). Effect sizes from negative to large were reported for studies in the miscellaneous category. LIMITATIONS: Gait speed was the only outcome measure analyzed. CONCLUSIONS: Gait training was the most effective intervention in improving gait speed for ambulatory children with CP. Strength training, even if properly dosed, was not shown to be effective in improving gait speed. Velocity training, electromyographic biofeedback training, and whole-body vibration were effective in improving gait speed in individual studies and warrant further investigation."
"Journal Article"	"S.-J. Kim; K. Pak; P. J. Koo; J. J. Kwak; S. Chang"	"2015"	"The efficacy of (177)Lu-labelled peptide receptor radionuclide therapy in patients with neuroendocrine tumours: a meta-analysis"	"European journal of nuclear medicine and molecular imaging"	"42"	"13"	"1964-1970"		"Germany"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26253273
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs00259-015-3155-x.pdf"	"10.1007/s00259-015-3155-x"	"Lutetium
Neuroendocrine tumour
Peptide receptor therapy
Radionuclide therapy
Humans
Neuroendocrine Tumors/pathology/*radiotherapy
Octreotide/*analogs & derivatives/therapeutic use
Organometallic Compounds/*therapeutic use
Radiopharmaceuticals/*therapeutic use"	"PURPOSE: This study was performed to evaluate the efficacy of (177)Lu-labelled peptide receptor radionuclide therapy (PRRT) in patients with inoperable or metastatic neuroendocrine tumours (NETs). METHODS: Systematic searches of MEDLINE and EMBASE databases were performed using the keywords of "neuroendocrine", "(177)Lu" and "prognosis". All published studies of neuroendocrine tumours treated with (177)Lu-labelled radiopharmaceuticals and evaluated with either Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumours (RECIST) 1.0 or Southwest Oncology Group (SWOG) criteria or both were included. If there was more than one published study from the same institution, only one report with the information most relevant to this study was included. Each response criteria group was analysed for disease response rates and disease control rates, defined as the percentages of patients with complete response (CR) + partial response (PR), and CR + PR + stable disease (SD), respectively, to a therapeutic intervention in clinical trials of anticancer agents. The pooled proportions are presented with both a fixed-effects model and random-effects model. RESULTS: Six studies with 473 patients (4 in RECIST criteria group with 356 patients, 3 in SWOG criteria group with 375 patients and 1 in both groups) were included. The RECIST criteria group demonstrated disease response rates ranging between 17.6 and 43.8% with a pooled effect of 29% [95% confidence interval (CI) 24-34%]. Disease control rates ranged from 71.8 to 100%. The random-effects model showed an average disease control rate of 81% (95% CI 71-91%). The SWOG criteria group demonstrated disease response rates ranging between 7.0 and 36.5% with a pooled effect of 23% (95% CI 11-38%). Disease control rates ranged from 73.9 to 89.1%. The random-effects model showed an average disease control rate of 82% (95% CI 71-91%). CONCLUSION: (177)Lu-labelled PRRT is an effective treatment option for patients with inoperable or metastatic NETs."
"Journal Article"	"J. R. Curtis; V. P. Bykerk; M. Aassi; M. Schiff"	"2016"	"Adherence and Persistence with Methotrexate in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Systematic Review"	"The Journal of rheumatology"	"43"	"11"	"1997-2009"		"Canada"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27803341
http://www.jrheum.org/content/jrheum/43/11/1997.full.pdf"	"10.3899/jrheum.151212"	"*METHOTREXATE
*OUTCOME ASSESSMENT
*PATIENT COMPLIANCE
*RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
*RISK FACTORS
Antirheumatic Agents/*therapeutic use
Arthritis, Rheumatoid/*drug therapy
Humans
*Medication Adherence
Methotrexate/*therapeutic use"	"OBJECTIVE: Medication adherence in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is typically suboptimal. Nonadherence has been associated with symptom worsening and increased disability. We systematically reviewed published clinical studies to evaluate methotrexate (MTX) adherence and persistence, factors associated with MTX adherence and persistence, and the effect of MTX nonadherence on clinical outcomes in RA. METHODS: MEDLINE and Embase were systematically searched (inception to February 2016) using relevant keywords. Observational or interventional clinical studies in patients with RA that specifically reported adherence to or persistence with MTX were included. Data were extracted using a predesigned, standardized template that included study design, patient demographics, and relevant outcomes. Main outcomes were MTX adherence and persistence rates in patients with RA treated with MTX and factors associated with MTX adherence and persistence. RESULTS: Of 365 references screened, 31 articles met inclusion criteria and another 10 were identified from searching reference lists. Estimates of MTX adherence varied from study to study because of heterogeneity in patient populations, duration of followup, definitions of adherence, and methods of assessment. Rates of MTX persistence ranged from 50% to 94% at 1 year and 25% to 79% at 5 years. No clear trends were identified in factors that influence MTX adherence and persistence. Two studies suggested that MTX adherence was associated with superior clinical outcomes. CONCLUSION: MTX adherence and persistence are highly variable in patients with RA. Research is necessary to determine the effect of nonadherence on health outcomes and to identify independent predictors of nonadherence to inform evidence-based interventions."
"Journal Article"	"D. C. Codipilly; A. K. Chandar; S. Singh; S. Wani; N. J. Shaheen; J. M. Inadomi; A. Chak; P. G. Iyer"	"2018"	"The Effect of Endoscopic Surveillance in Patients With Barrett's Esophagus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Gastroenterology"	"154"	"8"	"2068-2086.e5"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29458154
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5985204/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5985204/pdf/nihms944008.pdf"	"10.1053/j.gastro.2018.02.022"	"*Cancer Stage
*Lead Time Bias
*Length Time Bias
*Survival
Adenocarcinoma/*diagnostic imaging/*epidemiology/pathology/surgery
Barrett Esophagus/*diagnostic imaging/pathology/surgery
Disease Progression
Early Detection of Cancer/methods/standards/*statistics & numerical data
Esophageal Neoplasms/*diagnostic imaging/*epidemiology/pathology/surgery
Esophagectomy/statistics & numerical data
Esophagoscopy/standards/*statistics & numerical data
Esophagus/diagnostic imaging/pathology/surgery
Humans
Incidence
Practice Guidelines as Topic
Risk Assessment"	"BACKGROUND & AIMS: Guidelines recommend endoscopic surveillance of patients with Barrett's esophagus (BE) to identify those with dysplasia (a precursor of carcinoma) or early-stage esophageal adenocarcinoma (EAC) who can be treated endoscopically. However, it is unclear whether surveillance increases survival times of patients with BE. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to qualitatively and quantitatively examine evidence for the association of endoscopic surveillance in patients with BE with survival and other outcomes. METHODS: We searched publication databases for studies reporting the effects of endoscopic surveillance on mortality and other EAC-related outcomes. We reviewed randomized controlled trials, case-control studies, studies comparing patients with BE who received regular surveillance with those who did not receive regular surveillance, and studies comparing outcomes of patients with surveillance-detected EAC vs symptom-detected EACs. We performed a meta-analysis of surveillance studies to generate summary estimates using a random effects model. The primary aim was to examine the association of BE surveillance on EAC-related mortality. Secondary aims were to examine the association of BE surveillance with all-cause mortality and EAC stage at time of diagnosis. RESULTS: A single case-control study did not show any association between surveillance and EAC-related mortality. A meta-analysis of 4 cohort studies found that lower EAC-related and all-cause mortality were associated with regular surveillance (relative risk, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.50-0.71; hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.59-0.94). Meta-analysis of 12 cohort studies showed lower EAC-related and all-cause mortality among patients with surveillance-detected EAC vs symptom-detected EAC (relative risk, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.57-0.94; hazard ratio, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.45-0.76). Lead- and length-time bias adjustment substantially attenuated/eliminated the observed benefits. Surveillance was associated with detection of EAC at earlier stages. A randomized trial is underway to evaluate the effects of endoscopic surveillance on mortality in patients with BE. CONCLUSIONS: In a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of surveillance in patients with BE, surveillance as currently performed was associated with detection of earlier-stage EAC and may provide a small survival benefit. However, the effects of confounding biases on these estimates are not fully defined and may completely or partially explain the observed differences between surveyed and unsurveyed patients."
"Journal Article"	"D. R. Price; M. E. Mikkelsen; C. A. Umscheid; E. J. Armstrong"	"2016"	"Neuromuscular Blocking Agents and Neuromuscular Dysfunction Acquired in Critical Illness: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Critical care medicine"	"44"	"11"	"2070-2078"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27513545"	"10.1097/CCM.0000000000001839"	"*Critical Illness
Humans
Intensive Care Units
Muscle Weakness/*chemically induced
Muscular Diseases/*chemically induced
Neuromuscular Blocking Agents/*adverse effects
Polyneuropathies/*chemically induced"	"OBJECTIVE: The relationship between neuromuscular blocking agents and neuromuscular dysfunction acquired in critical illness remains unclear. We examined the association between neuromuscular blocking agents and ICU-acquired weakness, critical illness polyneuropathy, and critical illness myopathy. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature, and bibliographies of included studies were searched from database inception until September 24, 2015. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized controlled trials and prospective observational studies examining the association between neuromuscular blocking agents and ICU-acquired weakness, critical illness polyneuropathy, or critical illness myopathy. DATA EXTRACTION: One author screened titles/abstracts. Two authors independently reviewed full text and extracted data from included studies. Meta-analysis was performed using the DerSimonian-Laird random effects model (OpenMetaAnalyst 10.10 for OS.X). We assessed reporting bias with funnel plots and heterogeneity with the I statistic. DATA SYNTHESIS: Of 2,170 titles/abstracts screened, 99 full texts were selected for review, yielding one randomized controlled trial and 18 prospective observational studies, for a total of 2,254 patients. The randomized controlled trial did not show an association between neuromuscular blocking agents and neuromuscular dysfunction acquired in critical illness (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% CI, 0.67-2.19), but pooled data from all included studies suggested a modest association (odds ratio, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.06-1.48; I = 16%). Funnel plots suggested reporting bias, and sensitivity analyses showed a disproportionate contribution from critical illness polyneuropathy/critical illness myopathy and severe sepsis/septic shock studies. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis suggests a modest association between neuromuscular blocking agents and neuromuscular dysfunction acquired in critical illness; limitations include studies with a high risk of bias and a disproportionate contribution from studies examining patients for critical illness polyneuropathy/critical illness myopathy and those with severe sepsis/septic shock."
"Journal Article"	"J. S. Kuperus; J. F. Waalwijk; E. A. Regan; I. E. van der Horst-Bruinsma; F. C. Oner; P. A. de Jong; J.-J. Verlaan"	"2018"	"Simultaneous occurrence of ankylosing spondylitis and diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis: a systematic review"	"Rheumatology (Oxford, England)"	"57"	"12"	"2120-2128"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30060244"	"10.1093/rheumatology/key211"	"Adult
Aged
Female
HLA-B27 Antigen/blood
Humans
Hyperostosis, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal/blood/*complications/diagnostic imaging
Male
Middle Aged
Sacroiliac Joint/diagnostic imaging
Spine/diagnostic imaging
Spondylitis, Ankylosing/blood/*complications/diagnostic imaging"	"OBJECTIVES: AS and DISH are both spinal ankylosing conditions with a 4-fold increased risk of spinal fractures. The most commonly used criteria for DISH were designed to exclude radiographic signs of spondyloarthritis. However, case reports describing the presence of both conditions exist. In this study, the co-occurrence of AS and DISH were reviewed in the literature to explore the potential need to revise the criteria for DISH. METHODS: A search was conducted in Pubmed, Embase, Web of Science and the Cochrane library using the terms 'spondyloarthritis' and 'DISH' and their matching synonyms. Full-text articles describing the coexistence of both conditions in the same patient were included. A quality assessment was performed, and the case descriptions were extracted. RESULTS: Twenty articles describing simultaneous occurrence of AS and DISH in 39 cases were retrieved. All articles were case reports or series of moderate quality. Back or neck pain was present in 97% of the patients (mean age 61.2 years, 90% male) and HLA-B27 was positive in 9/27 documented measurements. Radiographic abnormalities were described in the SI joint (82% AS, 13% DISH) and in the spine (49% AS, 100% DISH). CONCLUSION: Simultaneous occurrence of AS and DISH has been reported in the literature in at least 39 cases. AS and DISH should not be seen as mutually exclusive. If the results of the current study are confirmed in a large observational study, revision of the current criteria to include the co-existence of both conditions should be considered."
"Journal Article"	"E. D. Borre; A. Goode; G. Raitz; B. Shah; A. Lowenstern; R. Chatterjee; L. Sharan; N. M. Allen LaPointe; R. Yapa; J. K. Davis; K. Lallinger; R. Schmidt; A. Kosinski; S. M. Al-Khatib; G. D. Sanders"	"2018"	"Predicting Thromboembolic and Bleeding Event Risk in Patients with Non-Valvular Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review"	"Thrombosis and haemostasis"	"118"	"12"	"2171-2187"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30376678
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6754740/"	"10.1055/s-0038-1675400"	"Atrial Fibrillation/*epidemiology
Blood Coagulation
Hemorrhage/*epidemiology
Humans
Risk
Stroke/*epidemiology
Thromboembolism/*epidemiology
United States/epidemiology"	"BACKGROUND:  Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common cardiac arrhythmia that increases the risk of stroke. Medical therapy for decreasing stroke risk involves anticoagulation, which may increase bleeding risk for certain patients. In determining the optimal therapy for stroke prevention for patients with AF, clinicians use tools with various clinical, imaging and patient characteristics to weigh stroke risk against therapy-associated bleeding risk. AIM:  This article reviews published literature and summarizes available risk stratification tools for stroke and bleeding prediction in patients with AF. METHODS:  We searched for English-language studies in PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews published between 1 January 2000 and 14 February 2018. Two reviewers screened citations for studies that examined tools for predicting thromboembolic and bleeding risks in patients with AF. Data regarding study design, patient characteristics, interventions, outcomes, quality, and applicability were extracted. RESULTS:  Sixty-one studies were relevant to predicting thromboembolic risk and 38 to predicting bleeding risk. Data suggest that CHADS(2), CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc and the age, biomarkers, and clinical history (ABC) risk scores have the best evidence for predicting thromboembolic risk (moderate strength of evidence for limited prediction ability of each score) and that HAS-BLED has the best evidence for predicting bleeding risk (moderate strength of evidence). LIMITATIONS:  Studies were heterogeneous in methodology and populations of interest, setting, interventions and outcomes analysed. CONCLUSION:  CHADS(2), CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc and ABC scores have the best prediction for stroke events, and HAS-BLED provides the best prediction for bleeding risk. Future studies should define the role of imaging tools and biomarkers in enhancing the accuracy of risk prediction tools. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE:  Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PROSPERO #CRD42017069999)."
"Journal Article"	"D. A. Houck; M. J. Kraeutler; J. W. Belk; E. C. McCarty; J. T. Bravman"	"2018"	"Similar clinical outcomes following collagen or polyurethane meniscal scaffold implantation: a systematic review"	"Knee surgery, sports traumatology, arthroscopy : official journal of the ESSKA"	"26"	"8"	"2259-2269"		"Germany"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29340746"	"10.1007/s00167-018-4838-1"	"Implant
Knee
Meniscus
Scaffold
Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction
Arthroscopy
Collagen/*therapeutic use
Humans
Knee Injuries/surgery
Knee Joint/surgery
Lysholm Knee Score
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Menisci, Tibial/*surgery
Osteotomy
Pain/surgery
Pain Measurement
Polyurethanes/*therapeutic use
Tibial Meniscus Injuries/*surgery
*Tissue Scaffolds
Treatment Failure"	"PURPOSE: The purpose of this systematic review is to evaluate the current literature in an effort to assess specific clinical outcomes following meniscal scaffold implantation using the two available scaffolds: Collagen Meniscal Implant (CMI) and the Actifit polyurethane meniscal scaffold. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library to find studies evaluating clinical outcomes of patients undergoing meniscal scaffold implantation. Search terms used were "meniscus", "meniscal", "scaffold", and "implant". Studies were evaluated based on scaffold type, treatment failure rates, patient-reported outcome scores, concomitant procedures, and radiological findings. Radiological findings were recorded using the Genovese scale to assess morphology and signal intensity and the Yulish score to assess articular cartilage. RESULTS: Nineteen studies (1 level I, 1 level II, 17 level IV evidence) were identified that met inclusion criteria, including a total of 658 patients (347 Actifit, 311 CMI). The overall average follow-up was 45 months. Treatment failure occurred in 9.9% of patients receiving the Actifit scaffold at a mean follow-up of 40 months and 6.7% of patients receiving CMI at a mean follow-up of 44 months (n.s.). However, the rate of failure ranged from 0 to 31.8% amongst the included studies with a variable definition of failure. Additionally, overlapping patients and presence of concomitant surgeries such as anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) and high tibial osteotomy (HTO) may have a significant influence on these results. Outcomes for the Visual Analog Scale (VAS) for pain, Lysholm knee score, and Tegner activity score improved from preoperatively to latest follow-up in both groups, while the Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score and International Knee Documentation Committee scores improved from preoperatively to latest follow-up for Actifit scaffold patients. Overall, patients receiving CMI scaffolds had higher grades for Genovese morphology and signal intensity when compared to Actifit scaffold patients. CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing meniscal scaffold implantation with either CMI or Actifit scaffold can both be expected to experience improvement in clinical outcomes when used in association with concomitant procedures such as ACLR and HTO. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: IV, systematic review."
"Journal Article"	"G. C. Roush; B. Amante; T. Singh; H. Ayele; M. Araoye; D. W. Yang; W. J. Kostis; W. J. Elliott; J. B. Kostis; J. A. Berlin"	"2016"	"Quality of meta-analyses for randomized trials in the field of hypertension: a systematic review"	"Journal of Hypertension"	"34"	"12"	"2305-2317"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000387780100003"	"10.1097/hjh.0000000000001094"	"blood pressure
hypertension
meta-analysis as topic
randomized
controlled trials [publication type]
review [publication type]
systematic review
publication bias
clinical-trials
outcomes
Cardiovascular System & Cardiology"	"Objectives: Doubling on average every 6 years, hypertension-related meta-analyses are now published twice weekly and are often considered the highest level of evidence for clinical practice. However, some hypertension specialists and guideline authors view meta-analyses with skepticism. This article evaluates the quality of hypertension-related meta-analyses of clinical trials. Methods: A systematic search was conducted for meta-analyses of clinical trials recently published over 3.3 years. Specific criteria reproducibly assessed 26 features in the four domains of meta-analysis quality, domains justified by fundamental analytics and extensive research: analyzing trial quality, analyzing heterogeneity, analyzing publication bias, and providing transparency. Results: A total of 143 meta-analyses were identified. A total of 44% had 8R deficient features with no relation to journal impact factor: odds ratio relating 8R deficient features to the upper third versus lower third of impact factor = 1.3 (95% confidence limit 0.6-2.9). A total of 56% had all four domains deficient. Quality did not improve over time. Thirty articles (21%) reported statistically significant results (P<0.05) from inappropriate DerSimonian-Laird models, whereas unreported, appropriate, Knapp-Hartung models gave statistical nonsignificance; 88% of these 30 articles reported the incorrect results in their abstracts. A total of 60% of all meta-analyses failed to conduct analyses in subgroups of quality when indicated, 63% failed to report Tau and Tau 2, 57% omitted testing for publication bias, none conducted a cumulative analysis for publication bias, and 71-77% omitted mentioning in their abstracts problems of trial quality, heterogeneity, and publication bias. Conclusion: Although widespread, deficiencies in hypertension-related meta-analyses are readily corrected and do not represent flaws inherent in the meta-analytic method."
"Journal Article"	"A. W. Armstrong; W. Tuong; T. J. Love; S. Carneiro; R. Grynszpan; S. S. Lee; A. Kavanaugh"	"2014"	"Treatments for nail psoriasis: a systematic review by the GRAPPA Nail Psoriasis Work Group"	"The Journal of rheumatology"	"41"	"11"	"2306-2314"		"Canada"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25362716"	"10.3899/jrheum.140881"	"EFFECTIVENESS
EFFICACY
NAIL PSORIASIS
PSORIASIS
THERAPY
TREATMENT
Administration, Oral
Administration, Topical
Combined Modality Therapy
Evidence-Based Medicine
Female
Follow-Up Studies
Humans
Immunosuppressive Agents/administration & dosage
Laser Therapy/methods
Male
Nail Diseases/*diagnosis/*therapy
PUVA Therapy/methods
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
Psoriasis/*diagnosis/*therapy
Severity of Illness Index
Treatment Outcome"	"Nail involvement in psoriatic diseases causes significant physical and functional disabilities. Evaluating, measuring, and treating nail involvement is important in improving the health outcomes and quality of life among patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis (PsA). We performed a systematic analysis of the literature on nail psoriasis to help inform an update of treatment recommendations by the Group for Research and Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (GRAPPA)."
"Journal Article"	"R. W. Schrier; G. Brosnahan; M. A. Cadnapaphornchai; M. Chonchol; K. Friend; B. Gitomer; S. Rossetti"	"2014"	"Predictors of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease progression"	"Journal of the American Society of Nephrology : JASN"	"25"	"11"	"2399-2418"	"American Society of Nephrology"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24925719
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4214531/"	"10.1681/ASN.2013111184"	"PKD1/PKD2
autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease
disease progression
hypertension
renal blood flow
total kidney volume
Humans
Kidney/*pathology/*physiopathology
*Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Dominant/genetics/pathology/physiopathology
Predictive Value of Tests
TRPP Cation Channels/*genetics"	"Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease is a genetic disorder associated with substantial variability in its natural course within and between affected families. Understanding predictors for rapid progression of this disease has become increasingly important with the emergence of potential new treatments. This systematic review of the literature since 1988 evaluates factors that may predict and/or effect autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease progression. Predicting factors associated with early adverse structural and/or functional outcomes are considered. These factors include PKD1 mutation (particularly truncating mutation), men, early onset of hypertension, early and frequent gross hematuria, and among women, three or more pregnancies. Increases in total kidney volume and decreases in GFR and renal blood flow greater than expected for a given age also signify rapid disease progression. Concerning laboratory markers include overt proteinuria, macroalbuminuria, and perhaps, elevated serum copeptin levels in affected adults. These factors and others may help to identify patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease who are most likely to benefit from early intervention with novel treatments."
"Journal Article"	"K. L. Newman; J. S. Leon; P. A. Rebolledo; E. Scallan"	"2015"	"The impact of socioeconomic status on foodborne illness in high-income countries: a systematic review"	"Epidemiology and infection"	"143"	"12"	"2473-2485"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25600652
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4508232/
https://www.cambridge.org/core/services/aop-cambridge-core/content/view/9AE4EC65D650EBE9F7B7C1200149BD4D/S0950268814003847a.pdf/div-class-title-the-impact-of-socioeconomic-status-on-foodborne-illness-in-high-income-countries-a-systematic-review-div.pdf"	"10.1017/S0950268814003847"	"Foodborne infections
Campylobacter Infections/*epidemiology
*Developed Countries
Escherichia coli Infections/*epidemiology
Humans
Incidence
Listeriosis/epidemiology
Salmonella Food Poisoning/*epidemiology
*Shiga-Toxigenic Escherichia coli
*Social Class"	"Foodborne illness is a major cause of morbidity and loss of productivity in developed nations. Although low socioeconomic status (SES) is generally associated with negative health outcomes, its impact on foodborne illness is poorly understood. We conducted a systematic review to examine the association between SES and laboratory-confirmed illness caused by eight important foodborne pathogens. We completed this systematic review using PubMed for all papers published between 1 January 1980 and 1 January 2013 that measured the association between foodborne illness and SES in highly developed countries and identified 16 studies covering four pathogens. The effect of SES varied across pathogens: the majority of identified studies for Campylobacter, salmonellosis, and E. coli infection showed an association between high SES and illness. The single study of listeriosis showed illness was associated with low SES. A reporting bias by SES could not be excluded. SES should be considered when targeting consumer-level public health interventions for foodborne pathogens."
"Journal Article"	"D. E. Magouliotis; V. S. Tasiopoulou; A. A. Svokos; K. A. Svokos; E. Sioka; D. Zacharoulis"	"2017"	"One-Anastomosis Gastric Bypass Versus Sleeve Gastrectomy for Morbid Obesity: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis"	"Obesity Surgery"	"27"	"9"	"2479-2487"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000407971600041
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs11695-017-2807-2.pdf"	"10.1007/s11695-017-2807-2"	"One-anastomosis gastric bypass
Sleeve gastrectomy
Obesity
Bariatric
surgery
OAGB
single anastomosis
bariatric surgery
outcomes
quality
profile
Surgery"	"We aim to review the available literature on obese patients treated with one-anastomosis gastric bypass (OAGB) or laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG), in order to compare the clinical outcomes and intraoperative parameters of the two methods. A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Scopus databases, in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines. Seventeen studies met the inclusion criteria incorporating 6761 patients. This study reveals increased weight loss, remission of comorbidities, shorter mean hospital stay, and lower mortality in the OAGB group. The incidence of leaks and intra-abdominal bleeding was similar between the two approaches. Well-designed, randomized controlled studies, comparing LSG to OAGB, are necessary to further assess their clinical outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"F. Tepolt; P. M. Carry; P. C. Heyn; N. H. Miller"	"2014"	"Posterior sternoclavicular joint injuries in the adolescent population: a meta-analysis"	"The American journal of sports medicine"	"42"	"10"	"2517-2524"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24569702"	"10.1177/0363546514523386"	"epiphyseal separation
meta-analysis
physeal fracture
pseudodislocation
sternoclavicular dislocation
Adolescent
Clavicle/injuries/surgery
Fracture Fixation, Internal
Fractures, Bone/*therapy
Humans
Immobilization
Joint Dislocations/*therapy
Manipulation, Orthopedic
Postoperative Complications
Sternoclavicular Joint/*injuries"	"BACKGROUND: Sternoclavicular dislocations are relatively infrequent and are generally divided into anterior and posterior disruptions, the former being the most common. While posterior sternoclavicular joint (PSCJ) injuries are very rare, they may be associated with life-threatening complications. The ideal management of these injuries, particularly in the adolescent population, has not been well described. PURPOSE: Through a meta-analysis of PSCJ injuries in the adolescent, we aimed to (1) describe the epidemiology of PSCJ injuries in relation to the mechanism of injury, associated complications, and treatment preferences; (2) compare the success of closed reduction when attempted <48 versus >48 hours after the initial injury; and (3) compare the outcomes of closed versus open treatment. STUDY DESIGN: Meta-analysis. METHODS: A thorough review of the English literature was performed to identify all cases of PSCJ dislocations or medial clavicular physeal fractures in patients aged 12 to 18 years. Patient-level data for 140 patients were extracted from 79 studies. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients was 15.24 years. Forty-nine patients (35.00%) underwent closed treatment only, 42 (30.00%) open treatment alone, and 47 (33.57%) closed treatment followed by open treatment. Also, 55.8% of closed reductions performed within 48 hours were successful compared with 30.8% of those performed more than 48 hours after injury. After initial treatment, 92.31% of patients treated with closed reduction regained full function without recurrence as compared with 95.83% of patients treated operatively. CONCLUSION: Closed and open methods have proven highly effective for the treatment of PSCJ injuries. However, follow-up data reported in the literature vary considerably. Closed reduction is most effective when attempted less than 48 hours after the initial injury."
"Journal Article"	"K. A. Scott; E. Rogers; M. E. Betz; L. Hoffecker; G. Li; C. DiGuiseppi"	"2017"	"Associations Between Falls and Driving Outcomes in Older Adults: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of the American Geriatrics Society"	"65"	"12"	"2596-2602"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28873218
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5729077/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5729077/pdf/nihms892893.pdf"	"10.1111/jgs.15047"	"driving
fall
motor vehicle crash
older adult
systematic review
Accidental Falls/*statistics & numerical data
Accidents, Traffic/*statistics & numerical data
Aged
*Automobile Driving
Cross-Sectional Studies
Humans
Middle Aged
Observational Studies as Topic"	"OBJECTIVES: To examine associations between falls and subsequent motor vehicle crashes (MVCs), crash-related injuries, driving performance, and driving behavior. DESIGN: Systematic review and metaanalysis. PARTICIPANTS: Observational studies including drivers aged 55 and older or with a mean age of 65 and older. MEASUREMENTS: Two authors independently extracted study and participant characteristics, exposures, and outcomes and assessed risk of bias. Pooled risk estimates for MVCs and MVC-related injuries were calculated using random-effects models. Other results were synthesized narratively. RESULTS: From 3,286 potentially eligible records, 15 studies (N = 27-17,349 subjects) met inclusion criteria. Risk of bias was low to moderate, except for cross-sectional studies (n = 3), which all had a high potential for bias. A fall history was associated with a significantly greater risk of subsequent MVC (summary risk estimate = 1.40, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.20-1.63; I(2 ) = 28%, N = 5 studies). One study found a significantly greater risk of MVC-related hospitalizations and deaths after a fall (hazard ratio = 3.12, 95% CI = 1.71-5.69). Evidence was inconclusive regarding an association between falls and driving cessation and showed no association between falls and driving performance or behavior. CONCLUSION: Falls in older adults appear to be a risk marker for subsequent MVCs and MVC-related injury. Given the nature of the evidence, which is limited to observational studies, the identified associations may also result at least partly from confounding or bias. Further research is needed to clarify the mechanisms linking falls to crash risk and to develop effective interventions to ensure driving safety in older adults with a history of falls."
"Journal Article"	"V. N. Shah; K. K. Harrall; C. S. Shah; T. L. Gallo; P. Joshee; J. K. Snell-Bergeon; W. M. Kohrt"	"2017"	"Bone mineral density at femoral neck and lumbar spine in adults with type 1 diabetes: a meta-analysis and review of the literature"	"Osteoporosis international : a journal established as result of cooperation between the European Foundation for Osteoporosis and the National Osteoporosis Foundation of the USA"	"28"	"9"	"2601-2610"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28580510
https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2Fs00198-017-4097-x.pdf"	"10.1007/s00198-017-4097-x"	"*Bone mineral density
*Fracture
*Meta-analysis
*Osteoporosis
*Type 1 diabetes
Bone Density/*physiology
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1/blood/complications/*physiopathology
Femur Neck/*physiopathology
Glycated Hemoglobin A/metabolism
Humans
Lumbar Vertebrae/*physiopathology
Osteoporosis/etiology/physiopathology
Osteoporotic Fractures/etiology/physiopathology"	"We performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the femoral neck and lumbar spine bone mineral density (BMD) in adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) compared with controls. Adults with T1D have modestly lower BMD at femoral neck and lumbar spine than adults without diabetes. INTRODUCTION: Fracture risk is four to sixfold higher in adults with T1D. Since BMD is one of the major contributors for fracture risk, we performed a meta-analysis to evaluate differences in femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD between adults with T1D and controls. METHODS: MEDLINE, Ovid, and the Cochrane library and abstracts from various scientific meetings were searched. Studies reporting the femoral neck and/or lumbar spine BMD in adults (age > 20 years) with T1D in comparison with people without diabetes were selected. General linear mixed models were used to assess differences in BMD at femoral neck and lumbar spine between subjects with T1D and controls adjusting for age, sex, and dual x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) instruments. RESULTS: Sixteen studies met the inclusion criteria. The femoral neck BMD was modestly lower in adults with T1D compared to controls (-0.055 g/cm(2); 95% CI: -0.065, -0.045). There were no differences in lumbar spine BMD between adults with T1D and controls (0.0062 g/cm(2); 95% CI -0.04, 0.016). However, in a sensitivity analysis, lumbar spine BMD was modestly lower in adults with T1D compared to controls (-0.035 g/cm(2); -0.049, -0.02). Studies using Lunar DXA instruments have reported higher lumbar spine and femoral neck BMD compared to studies using Hologic DXA instruments. CONCLUSION: Femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD were modestly lower in adults with T1D compared to controls. However, this modest reduction in femoral neck and lumbar spine BMD cannot explain much higher observed fracture risk in adults with T1D."
"Journal Article"	"C. M. Goodson; B. J. Clark; I. S. Douglas"	"2014"	"Predictors of severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Alcoholism, clinical and experimental research"	"38"	"10"	"2664-2677"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25346507"	"10.1111/acer.12529"	"Alcohol Withdrawal Syndrome
Delirium Tremens
Predictors
Alanine Transaminase/blood
Alcohol Withdrawal Delirium/blood/diagnosis/epidemiology
Alcohol Withdrawal Seizures/blood/diagnosis/epidemiology
Biomarkers/blood
Ethanol/*adverse effects
Female
Humans
Incidence
*Inpatients
Male
Platelet Count
Potassium/blood
Predictive Value of Tests
Reproducibility of Results
*Severity of Illness Index
Substance Withdrawal Syndrome/*blood/*diagnosis/epidemiology"	"BACKGROUND: Severity of alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) is associated with hospital mortality and length of stay. However, as there is no consensus regarding how to predict the development of severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome (SAWS), we sought to determine independent predictors of SAWS. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies evaluating hospitalized patients with AWS versus SAWS-delirium tremens (DT) and/or seizures. Random-effects meta-analysis [PRISMA guidelines] was performed on common baseline variables and predictive effects for development of SAWS were calculated using RevMan v5.2. Funnel plots were constructed, and tests of heterogeneity were performed. RESULTS: Of 226 studies screened, 17 met criteria and 15 were included in the meta-analysis. The primary findings were that an incident occurrence of DT or alcohol withdrawal seizures was significantly predicted by history of a similar event (OR 2.58 for DT vs. no-DT, 95% CI 1.41, 4.7; OR 2.8 for seizure vs. no-seizure, 95% CI 1.09, 7.19). Both a lower initial platelet count and serum potassium level were predictive of an incident occurrence of DT (platelet count mean difference [MD] -45.64/mm(3) vs. no-DT, 95% CI -75.95, -15.33; potassium level MD -0.26 mEq/l vs. no-DT, 95% CI -0.45, -0.08), seizures, and SAWS. Higher initial alanine aminotransferase was seen in patients with SAWS (MD 20.97 U/l vs. no-SAWS, 95% CI 0.89, 41.05). Higher initial serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase was seen in patients with incident alcohol withdrawal seizures (MD 202.56 U/l vs. no-seizure, 95% CI 3.62, 401.5). Significant heterogeneity was observed, and there was evidence of publication bias. Notably, neither gender nor comorbid liver disease was predictive. CONCLUSIONS: The course of prior episodes of AWS is the most reliable predictor of subsequent episodes. Thrombocytopenia and hypokalemia also correlate with SAWS. We propose further research into drinking patterns, gender, and medical comorbidities."
"Journal Article"	"J. S. Easter; J. S. Haukoos; W. P. Meehan; V. Novack; J. A. Edlow"	"2015"	"Will Neuroimaging Reveal a Severe Intracranial Injury in This Adult With Minor Head Trauma?: The Rational Clinical Examination Systematic Review"	"JAMA"	"314"	"24"	"2672-2681"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26717031"	"10.1001/jama.2015.16316"	"Accidental Falls
Accidents, Traffic
Adult
Aged
Amnesia/diagnosis
Basketball/injuries
Brain Injuries/complications/diagnosis/diagnostic imaging
Craniocerebral Trauma/complications/diagnosis/*diagnostic imaging
*Glasgow Coma Scale
Humans
Male
Neuroimaging/*methods
*Physical Examination
Prevalence
Reference Standards
Sensitivity and Specificity
Skull Fractures/diagnosis/etiology
*Tomography, X-Ray Computed
Vomiting/diagnosis
Young Adult"	"IMPORTANCE: Adults with apparently minor head trauma (Glasgow Coma Scale [GCS] scores ≥13 who appear well on examination) may have severe intracranial injuries requiring prompt intervention. Findings from clinical examination can aid in determining which adults with minor trauma have severe intracranial injuries visible on computed tomography (CT). OBJECTIVE: To assess systematically the accuracy of symptoms and signs in adults with minor head trauma in order to identify those with severe intracranial injuries. DATA SOURCES: We performed a systematic search of MEDLINE (1966-2015) and the Cochrane Library to identify studies assessing the diagnosis of intracranial injuries. STUDY SELECTION: Studies were included that measured the performance of findings for identifying intracranial injury with a reference standard of neuroimaging or follow-up evaluation. Fourteen studies (range, 431-7955 patients) met inclusion criteria with patients having GCS scores between 13 and 15 and 50% or more older than 18 years. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Three authors independently performed critical appraisal and data extraction. RESULTS: The prevalence of severe intracranial injury (requiring prompt intervention) among the 23,079 patients with minor head trauma was 7.1% (95% CI, 6.8%-7.4%) and the prevalence of injuries leading to death or requiring neurosurgical intervention was 0.9% (95% CI, 0.78%-1.0%). The presence of physical examination findings suggestive of skull fracture (likelihood ratio [LR], 16; 95% CI, 3.1-59; specificity, 99%), GCS score of 13 (LR, 4.9; 95% CI, 2.8-8.5; specificity, 97%), 2 or more vomiting episodes (LR, 3.6; 95% CI, 3.1-4.1; specificity, 92%), any decline in GCS score (LR range, 3.4-16; specificity range, 91%-99%;), and pedestrians struck by motor vehicles (LR range, 3.0-4.3; specificity range, 96%-97%) were associated with severe intracranial injury on CT. Among patients with apparent minor head trauma, the absence of any of the features of the Canadian CT Head Rule (≥65 years; ≥2 vomiting episodes, amnesia >30 minutes, pedestrian struck, ejected from vehicle, fall >1 m, suspected skull fracture, or GCS score <15 at 2 hours) had an LR of 0.04 (95% CI, 0-0.65), lowering the probability of severe injury to 0.31% (95% CI, 0%-4.7%). The absence of all the New Orleans Criteria findings (>60 years, intoxication, headache, vomiting, amnesia, seizure, or trauma above the clavicle) had an LR of 0.08 (95% CI, 0.01-0.84), lowering the probability of severe intracranial injury to 0.61% (95% CI, 0.08%-6.0%). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Combinations of history and physical examination features in clinical decision rules can identify patients with minor head trauma at low risk of severe intracranial injuries. Certain findings, including signs of skull fracture, GCS score of 13, 2 or more vomiting episodes, decrease in GCS score, and pedestrians struck by motor vehicles, may help identify patients at increased risk of severe intracranial injuries."
"Journal Article"	"D. A. Houck; M. J. Kraeutler; H. B. Schuette; E. C. McCarty; J. T. Bravman"	"2017"	"Early Versus Delayed Motion After Rotator Cuff Repair: A Systematic Review of Overlapping Meta-analyses"	"The American journal of sports medicine"	"45"	"12"	"2911-2915"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28288280"	"10.1177/0363546517692543"	"delayed motion
early motion
immobilization
meta-analysis
rehabilitation
rotator cuff repair
Arthroscopy
*Early Ambulation
Humans
Range of Motion, Articular
Rotator Cuff/*physiology/*surgery
Rotator Cuff Injuries/*physiopathology/*surgery
Treatment Outcome
Wound Healing"	"BACKGROUND: Previous meta-analyses have been conducted to compare outcomes of early versus delayed motion after rotator cuff repair. PURPOSE: To conduct a systematic review of overlapping meta-analyses comparing early versus delayed motion rehabilitation protocols after rotator cuff repair to determine which meta-analyses provide the best available evidence. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed and Cochrane Library databases. Search terms included "rotator cuff repair," "early passive motion," "immobilization," "rehabilitation protocol," and "meta-analysis." Results were reviewed to determine study eligibility. Patient outcomes and structural healing were extracted from these meta-analyses. Meta-analysis quality was assessed using the Oxman-Guyatt and Quality of Reporting of Meta-analyses (QUOROM) systems. The Jadad decision algorithm was then used to determine which meta-analyses provided the best level of evidence. RESULTS: Seven meta-analyses containing a total of 5896 patients met the eligibility criteria (1 Level I evidence, 4 Level II evidence, 2 Level III evidence). None of these meta-analyses found immobilization to be superior to early motion; however, most studies suggested that early motion would increase range of motion (ROM), thereby reducing time of recovery. Three of these studies suggested that tear size contributed to the choice of rehabilitation to ensure proper healing of the shoulder. A study by Chan et al in 2014 received the highest QUOROM and Oxman-Guyatt scores, and therefore this meta-analysis appeared to have the highest level of evidence. Additionally, a study by Riboh and Garrigues in 2014 was selected as the highest quality study in this systematic review according to the Jadad decision algorithm. CONCLUSION: The current, best available evidence suggests that early motion improves ROM after rotator cuff repair but increases the risk of rotator cuff retear. Lower quality meta-analyses indicate that tear size may provide a better strategy in determining the correct rehabilitation protocol."
"Journal Article"	"M. G. Kris; L. E. Gaspar; J. E. Chaft; E. B. Kennedy; C. G. Azzoli; P. M. Ellis; S. H. Lin; H. I. Pass; R. Seth; F. A. Shepherd; D. R. Spigel; J. R. Strawn; Y. C. Ung; M. Weyant"	"2017"	"Adjuvant Systemic Therapy and Adjuvant Radiation Therapy for Stage I to IIIA Completely Resected Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancers: American Society of Clinical Oncology/Cancer Care Ontario Clinical Practice Guideline Update"	"Journal of clinical oncology : official journal of the American Society of Clinical Oncology"	"35"	"25"	"2960-2974"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28437162"	"10.1200/JCO.2017.72.4401"	"Antineoplastic Combined Chemotherapy Protocols/therapeutic use
Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung/pathology/*therapy
Chemotherapy, Adjuvant
Cisplatin/administration & dosage
Humans
Lung Neoplasms/pathology/*therapy
Medical Oncology/methods/standards
Neoplasm Staging
Radiotherapy, Adjuvant"	"Purpose The panel updated the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) adjuvant therapy guideline for resected non-small-cell lung cancers. Methods ASCO convened an update panel and conducted a systematic review of the literature, investigating adjuvant therapy in resected non-small-cell lung cancers. Results The updated evidence base covered questions related to adjuvant systemic therapy and included a systematic review conducted by Cancer Care Ontario current to January 2016. A recent American Society for Radiation Oncology guideline and systematic review, previously endorsed by ASCO, was used as the basis for recommendations for adjuvant radiation therapy. An update of these systematic reviews and a search for studies related to radiation therapy found no additional randomized controlled trials. Recommendations Adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy is recommended for routine use in patients with stage IIA, IIB, or IIIA disease who have undergone complete surgical resections. For individuals with stage IB, adjuvant cisplatin-based chemotherapy is not recommended for routine use. However, a postoperative multimodality evaluation, including a consultation with a medical oncologist, is recommended to assess benefits and risks of adjuvant chemotherapy for each patient. The guideline provides information on factors other than stage to consider when making a recommendation for adjuvant chemotherapy, including tumor size, histopathologic features, and genetic alterations. Adjuvant chemotherapy is not recommended for patients with stage IA disease. Adjuvant radiation therapy is not recommended for patients with resected stage I or II disease. In patients with stage IIIA N2 disease, adjuvant radiation therapy is not recommended for routine use. However, a postoperative multimodality evaluation, including a consultation with a radiation oncologist, is recommended to assess benefits and risks of adjuvant radiation therapy for each patient with N2 disease. Additional information is available at www.asco.org/lung-cancer-guidelines and www.asco.org/guidelineswiki ."
"Journal Article"	"J. Chen; Y. Luo; P. García-Palacios; J. Cao; M. Dacal; X. Zhou; J. Li; J. Xia; S. Niu; H. Yang; S. Shelton; W. Guo; K. J. van Groenigen"	"2018"	"Differential responses of carbon-degrading enzyme activities to warming: Implications for soil respiration"	"Global change biology"	"24"	"10"	"4816-4826"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29999577
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/gcb.14394"	"10.1111/gcb.14394"	"*cellulase activity
*decomposition
*extracellular enzyme activity
*global warming
*ligninase activity
*recalcitrant carbon pool
*soil microorganisms
*soil respiration
Carbon/*metabolism
Cellulase/metabolism
Charcoal
Climate
Oxygenases/metabolism
Soil/*chemistry
Soil Microbiology
Temperature"	"Extracellular enzymes catalyze rate-limiting steps in soil organic matter decomposition, and their activities (EEAs) play a key role in determining soil respiration (SR). Both EEAs and SR are highly sensitive to temperature, but their responses to climate warming remain poorly understood. Here, we present a meta-analysis on the response of soil cellulase and ligninase activities and SR to warming, synthesizing data from 56 studies. We found that warming significantly enhanced ligninase activity by 21.4% but had no effect on cellulase activity. Increases in ligninase activity were positively correlated with changes in SR, while no such relationship was found for cellulase. The warming response of ligninase activity was more closely related to the responses of SR than a wide range of environmental and experimental methodological factors. Furthermore, warming effects on ligninase activity increased with experiment duration. These results suggest that soil microorganisms sustain long-term increases in SR with warming by gradually increasing the degradation of the recalcitrant carbon pool."
"Journal Article"	"K. Levy; A. P. Woster; R. S. Goldstein; E. J. Carlton"	"2016"	"Untangling the Impacts of Climate Change on Waterborne Diseases: a Systematic Review of Relationships between Diarrheal Diseases and Temperature, Rainfall, Flooding, and Drought"	"Environmental science & technology"	"50"	"10"	"4905-4922"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27058059
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5468171/"	"10.1021/acs.est.5b06186"	"*Climate Change
Droughts
Floods
Humans
*Temperature
Waterborne Diseases"	"Global climate change is expected to affect waterborne enteric diseases, yet to date there has been no comprehensive, systematic review of the epidemiological literature examining the relationship between meteorological conditions and diarrheal diseases. We searched PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Collection for studies describing the relationship between diarrheal diseases and four meteorological conditions that are expected to increase with climate change: ambient temperature, heavy rainfall, drought, and flooding. We synthesized key areas of agreement and evaluated the biological plausibility of these findings, drawing from a diverse, multidisciplinary evidence base. We identified 141 articles that met our inclusion criteria. Key areas of agreement include a positive association between ambient temperature and diarrheal diseases, with the exception of viral diarrhea and an increase in diarrheal disease following heavy rainfall and flooding events. Insufficient evidence was available to evaluate the effects of drought on diarrhea. There is evidence to support the biological plausibility of these associations, but publication bias is an ongoing concern. Future research evaluating whether interventions, such as improved water and sanitation access, modify risk would further our understanding of the potential impacts of climate change on diarrheal diseases and aid in the prioritization of adaptation measures."
"Journal Article"	"G. Hripcsak; P. B. Ryan; J. D. Duke; N. H. Shah; R. W. Park; V. Huser; M. A. Suchard; M. J. Schuemie; F. J. DeFalco; A. Perotte; J. M. Banda; C. G. Reich; L. M. Schilling; M. E. Matheny; D. Meeker; N. Pratt; D. Madigan"	"2016"	"Characterizing treatment pathways at scale using the OHDSI network"	"Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America"	"113"	"27"	"7329-7336"	"National Academy of Sciences"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27274072
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4941483/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4941483/pdf/pnas.201510502.pdf"	"10.1073/pnas.1510502113"	"*data network
*observational research
*treatment pathways
Antidepressive Agents/therapeutic use
Antihypertensive Agents/therapeutic use
Databases, Factual
Depression/drug therapy
Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2/drug therapy
Electronic Health Records
Humans
Hypertension/drug therapy
Hypoglycemic Agents/therapeutic use
Internationality
Medical Informatics
Practice Patterns, Physicians'/*statistics & numerical data"	"Observational research promises to complement experimental research by providing large, diverse populations that would be infeasible for an experiment. Observational research can test its own clinical hypotheses, and observational studies also can contribute to the design of experiments and inform the generalizability of experimental research. Understanding the diversity of populations and the variance in care is one component. In this study, the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI) collaboration created an international data network with 11 data sources from four countries, including electronic health records and administrative claims data on 250 million patients. All data were mapped to common data standards, patient privacy was maintained by using a distributed model, and results were aggregated centrally. Treatment pathways were elucidated for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and depression. The pathways revealed that the world is moving toward more consistent therapy over time across diseases and across locations, but significant heterogeneity remains among sources, pointing to challenges in generalizing clinical trial results. Diabetes favored a single first-line medication, metformin, to a much greater extent than hypertension or depression. About 10% of diabetes and depression patients and almost 25% of hypertension patients followed a treatment pathway that was unique within the cohort. Aside from factors such as sample size and underlying population (academic medical center versus general population), electronic health records data and administrative claims data revealed similar results. Large-scale international observational research is feasible."
"Journal Article"	"S. Zhang; P. M. Sammon; I. King; A. L. Andrade; C. M. Toscano; S. N. Araujo; A. Sinha; S. A. Madhi; G. Khandaker; J. K. Yin; R. Booy; T. M. Huda; Q. S. Rahman; S. El Arifeen; A. Gentile; N. Giglio; M. U. Bhuiyan; K. Sturm-Ramirez; B. D. Gessner; M. Nadjib; P. J. Carosone-Link; E. A. Simões; J. A. Child; I. Ahmed; Z. A. Bhutta; S. B. Soofi; R. J. Khan; H. Campbell; H. Nair"	"2016"	"Cost of management of severe pneumonia in young children: systematic analysis"	"Journal of global health"	"6"	"1"	"010408-010408"	"Edinburgh University Global Health Society"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27231544
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4871066/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4871066/pdf/jogh-06-010408.pdf"	"10.7189/jogh.06.010408"	"Child, Preschool
*Cost of Illness
Female
Health Care Costs/*statistics & numerical data
Humans
Infant
Infant, Newborn
Male
Pneumonia/*economics/*therapy"	"BACKGROUND: Childhood pneumonia is a major cause of childhood illness and the second leading cause of child death globally. Understanding the costs associated with the management of childhood pneumonia is essential for resource allocation and priority setting for child health. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review to identify studies reporting data on the cost of management of pneumonia in children younger than 5 years old. We collected unpublished cost data on non-severe, severe and very severe pneumonia through collaboration with an international working group. We extracted data on cost per episode, duration of hospital stay and unit cost of interventions for the management of pneumonia. The mean (95% confidence interval, CI) and median (interquartile range, IQR) treatment costs were estimated and reported where appropriate. RESULTS: We identified 24 published studies eligible for inclusion and supplemented these with data from 10 unpublished studies. The 34 studies included in the cost analysis contained data on more than 95 000 children with pneumonia from both low- and-middle income countries (LMIC) and high-income countries (HIC) covering all 6 WHO regions. The total cost (per episode) for management of severe pneumonia was US$ 4.3 (95% CI 1.5-8.7), US$ 51.7 (95% CI 17.4-91.0) and US$ 242.7 (95% CI 153.6-341.4)-559.4 (95% CI 268.9-886.3) in community, out-patient facilities and different levels of hospital in-patient settings in LMIC. Direct medical cost for severe pneumonia in hospital inpatient settings was estimated to be 26.6%-115.8% of patients' monthly household income in LMIC. The mean direct non-medical cost and indirect cost for severe pneumonia management accounted for 0.5-31% of weekly household income. The mean length of stay (LOS) in hospital for children with severe pneumonia was 5.8 (IQR 5.3-6.4) and 7.7 (IQR 5.5-9.9) days in LMIC and HIC respectively for these children. CONCLUSION: This is the most comprehensive review to date of cost data from studies on the management of childhood pneumonia and these data should be helpful for health services planning and priority setting by national programmes and international agencies."
"Journal Article"	"D. Adeloye; O. Y. Sowunmi; W. Jacobs; R. A. David; A. A. Adeosun; A. O. Amuta; S. Misra; M. Gadanya; A. Auta; M. O. Harhay; K. Y. Chan"	"2018"	"Estimating the incidence of breast cancer in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Journal of global health"	"8"	"1"	"010419-010419"	"Edinburgh University Global Health Society"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29740502
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5903682/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5903682/pdf/jogh-08-010419.pdf"	"10.7189/jogh.08.010419"	"Africa/epidemiology
Breast Neoplasms/*epidemiology
Female
Humans
Incidence
Registries"	"BACKGROUND: Breast cancer is estimated to be the most common cancer worldwide. We sought to assemble publicly available data from Africa to provide estimates of the incidence of breast cancer on the continent. METHODS: A systematic search of Medline, EMBASE, Global Health and African Journals Online (AJOL) was conducted. We included population- or hospital-based registry studies on breast cancer conducted in Africa, and providing estimates of the crude incidence of breast cancer among women. A random effects meta-analysis was employed to determine the pooled incidence of breast cancer across studies. RESULTS: The literature search returned 4648 records, with 41 studies conducted across 54 study sites in 22 African countries selected. We observed important variations in reported cancer incidence between population- and hospital-based cancer registries. The overall pooled crude incidence of breast cancer from population-based registries was 24.5 per 100 000 person years (95% confidence interval (CI) 20.1-28.9). The incidence in North Africa was higher at 29.3 per 100 000 (95% CI 20.0-38.7) than Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) at 22.4 per 100 000 (95% CI 17.2-28.0). In hospital-based registries, the overall pooled crude incidence rate was estimated at 23.6 per 100 000 (95% CI 18.5-28.7). SSA and Northern Africa had relatively comparable rates at 24.0 per 100 000 (95% CI 17.5-30.4) and 23.2 per 100 000 (95% CI 6.6-39.7), respectively. Across both registries, incidence rates increased considerably between 2000 and 2015. CONCLUSIONS: The available evidence suggests a growing incidence of breast cancer in Africa. The representativeness of these estimates is uncertain due to the paucity of data in several countries and calendar years, as well as inconsistency in data collation and quality across existing cancer registries."
"Journal Article"	"L. R. M. Eagleston; N. K. Kalani; R. R. Patel; H. K. Flaten; C. A. Dunnick; R. P. Dellavalle"	"2018"	"Cannabinoids in dermatology: a scoping review"	"Dermatology online journal"	"24"	"6"	"13030/qt7pn8c0sb"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30142706
https://escholarship.org/content/qt7pn8c0sb/qt7pn8c0sb.pdf?t=pdx0j8"		"Cannabinoids/*therapeutic use
Humans
Skin Diseases/*drug therapy"	"The therapeutic applications of cannabis and cannabinoids are an increasingly conspicuous topic as de-criminalization and legalization of these products continues to expand. A limited number of cannabinoid compounds have been approved for a specific set of conditions. However, the current role of cannabinoids for the treatment of dermatologic conditions remains to be defined. We conducted a review of the current literature to determine the applications of cannabinoids for the therapy of various skin diseases. After conducting our analysis, we found that cannabinoid products have the potential to treat a variety of skin conditions, including acne vulgaris, allergic contact dermatitis, asteatotic dermatitis, atopic dermatitis, hidradenitis suppurativa, Kaposi sarcoma, pruritus, psoriasis, skin cancer, and the cutaneous manifestations of systemic sclerosis. However, the majority of available data on these compounds are pre-clinical and there is a corresponding lack of high-quality randomized, controlled trials that evaluate their effects. Cannabinoids have shown some initial promise as therapy for a variety of skin diseases. However, there is a requirement for thorough pre-clinical research and large-scale, randomized, controlled trials before cannabinoids can be considered safe and effective treatments for these conditions."
"Journal Article"	"G. Sambataro; D. Sambataro; S. E. Torrisi; A. Vancheri; M. Pavone; R. Rosso; M. Schisano; C. Crimi; F. Pignataro; A. Fischer; N. Del Papa; C. Vancheri"	"2018"	"State of the art in interstitial pneumonia with autoimmune features: a systematic review on retrospective studies and suggestions for further advances"	"European respiratory review : an official journal of the European Respiratory Society"	"27"	"148"	"170139"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29720509"	"10.1183/16000617.0139-2017"	"Aged
*Autoimmunity
Female
Humans
Lung/*immunology/physiopathology
Lung Diseases, Interstitial/classification/diagnosis/*immunology/physiopathology
Male
Middle Aged
Predictive Value of Tests
Prognosis
Retrospective Studies
Risk Factors
Terminology as Topic"	"The term interstitial pneumonia with autoimmune features (IPAF) has been proposed to define patients with interstitial lung disease (ILD) associated with autoimmune signs not classifiable for connective tissue diseases (CTDs). This new definition overcomes previous nomenclatures and provides a uniform structure for prospective studies through specific classification criteria.This work evaluates the characteristics of IPAF patients reported in the literature, to highlight potential limits through a comparative analysis and to suggest better performing classification criteria.Four retrospective studies on the IPAF population have been considered. The study subjects differed in age, sex, smoking habit, ILD pattern and outcomes. Another important difference lies in the diverse items considered in the classification criteria. The retrospective design of the studies and the absence from some of them of a rheumatologist clearly involved in the diagnosis may have influenced the data, but current IPAF criteria seem to include a rather heterogeneous population. To overcome these discrepancies, this review suggests a limitation in the use of single items and the exclusion of extremely specific CTD criteria. This should avoid the definition of IPAF for those diseases at different stages or at early onset. The investigation of a functional or morphological cut-off of pulmonary involvement would be useful."
"Journal Article"	"M. F. Madhoun; S. Wani; S. Hong; W. M. Tierney; J. T. Maple"	"2014"	"Endoscopic papillary large balloon dilation reduces the need for mechanical lithotripsy in patients with large bile duct stones: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Diagnostic and therapeutic endoscopy"	"2014"		"309618-309618"	"Hindawi Publishing Corporation"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24729674
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3963212/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3963212/pdf/DTE2014-309618.pdf"	"10.1155/2014/309618"		"Background. Removal of large stones can be challenging and frequently requires the use of mechanical lithotripsy (ML). Endoscopic papillary large balloon dilation (EPLBD) following endoscopic sphincterotomy (ES) is a technique that appears to be safe and effective. However, data comparing ES + EPLBD with ES alone have not conclusively shown superiority of either technique. Objective. To assess comparative efficacies and rate of adverse events of these methods. Method. Studies were identified by searching nine medical databases for reports published between 1994 and 2013, using a reproducible search strategy. Only studies comparing ES and ES + EPLBD with regard to large bile duct stone extraction were included. Pooling was conducted by both fixed-effects and random-effects models. Risk ratio (RR) estimates with 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Results. Seven studies (involving 902 patients) met the inclusion criteria; 3 of 7 studies were prospective trials. Of the 902 patients, 463 were in the ES + EPLBD group, whereas 439 underwent ES alone. There were no differences noted between the groups with regard to overall stone clearance (98% versus 95%, RR   =   1.01 [0.97, 1.05]; P  = 0.60) and stone clearance at the 1st session (87% versus 79%, RR = 1.11 [0.98, 1.25]; P  = 0.11). ES + EPLBD was associated with a reduced need for ML compared to ES alone (15% versus 32%; RR   =   0.49 [0.32, 0.74]; P  =  0.0008) and was also associated with a reduction in the overall rate of adverse events (11% versus 18%; RR = 0.58 [0.41, 0.81]; P  = 0.001). Conclusions. ES + EPLBD has similar efficacy to ES alone while significantly reducing the need for ML. Further, ES + EPLBD appears to be safe, with a lower rate of adverse events than traditional ES. ES + EPLBD should be considered as a first-line technique in the management of large bile duct stones."
"Journal Article"	"G. Balli; A. Ioannou; C. A. Powell; N. Angelov; G. E. Romanos; N. Soldatos"	"2018"	"Ridge Preservation Procedures after Tooth Extractions: A Systematic Review"	"International journal of dentistry"	"2018"		"8546568-8546568"	"Hindawi"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30057608
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6051091/"	"10.1155/2018/8546568"		"BACKGROUND: The purpose of this systematic review was to accurately assess the procedural success of ridge preservation technique through the application of strict inclusion and exclusion criteria. DATA SOURCES: A methodical search of PubMed of the US National Library of Medicine and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was conducted for applicable articles. Only randomized controlled trials comparing ridge preservation treatment with a nongrafting control, ten-subject minimum sample size, and three or more months of follow-up were included in our study. TYPES OF STUDIES REVIEWED: In a screening between January 1980 and September 2017, articles meeting predetermined criteria were further examined in a qualitative data analysis. A thorough search of the databases provided 1876 articles. Of these records, 174 were assessed for eligibility through the systematic employment of inclusion and exclusion criteria. RESULTS: Two records were appropriate for further data analysis. One study used a mixture of a deproteinized cancellous bovine bone and porcine collagen fibers in a block form (DBB/CF), while the other study used leukocyte-platelet-rich fibrin (L-PRF). The use of DBB/CF reduced the magnitude of vertical bone resorption, yet the study showed high risk of bias. The use of L-PRF reduced the magnitude of both the horizontal and vertical crestal bone resorption; however, the low sample size created wide standard deviations between the test and control groups. Inherent weaknesses were present in both studies. Through methodical analysis of both records, the dissimilarities prevented the conduction of a meta-analysis. IMPLICATIONS OF KEY FINDINGS: Within the limitations of this systematic review, L-PRF reduced the magnitude of vertical and horizontal bone resorption, which places L-PRF as a potential material of choice for ridge preservation procedures. CONCLUSIONS: Within the limitations and weaknesses of both studies, the use of DBB/CF prevented the vertical crestal bone resorption while the L-PRF prevented both the horizontal and vertical crestal bone resorption. More randomized controlled clinical trials are needed to eliminate all the confounding factors, which bias the outcome of ridge preservation techniques."
"Journal Article"	"L. M. Schwab-Reese; L. M. Renner"	"2018"	"Screening, management, and treatment of intimate partner violence among women in low-resource settings"	"Women's health (London, England)"	"14"		"1745506518766709-1745506518766709"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29623772
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5894910/"	"10.1177/1745506518766709"	"*interventions
*intimate partner violence
*low-resource areas
*scoping review
*screening
Adult
Attitude to Health
Female
Humans
Intimate Partner Violence/*prevention & control
Mass Screening/*statistics & numerical data
Needs Assessment/*statistics & numerical data
Patient Acceptance of Health Care/statistics & numerical data
Poverty/statistics & numerical data
Primary Prevention/*organization & administration
Referral and Consultation/statistics & numerical data
Women's Health"	"The prevention of intimate partner violence continues to be a high priority for health practitioners and researchers around the world. Screening practices and intervention efforts utilized within high- and/or middle-income areas may not translate effectively to low-resource areas due to differences in financial, social, and physical context. However, little is known about the evidence-base of intervention efforts in such areas. Using the Arksey and O'Malley framework for scoping reviews, the purpose of this review was to synthesize what is known about intimate partner violence screening, management, and treatment in low-resource areas. A total of 31 programs reported across 34 articles were included in this scoping review. The programs incorporated a range of intervention activities, including group-based education and skill-development combined with microfinance to screening and referral to community resources. Slightly less than half of the studies (n = 14) were randomized controlled trials or clustered randomized controlled trials. Many barriers were common across the programs, including limited financial support, lack of community support, and lack of coordination across programs. Despite considerable barriers related to the limited available resources, the literature base had many strengths, such as strong evaluation methodologies, inclusion of a theoretical or conceptual framework to guide the intervention, and community engagement before and during the intervention implementation. However, insufficient statistical power and barriers related to cultural differences or inadequate cultural sensitivity were also common. With a variety of barriers to program implementation noted within the articles, it is important for researchers and practitioners to consider the geographic, social, cultural, and economic contexts when implementing intimate partner violence programs in low-resource areas. Given the significant differences in context across low-resource areas, additional research to establish effective protocols for tailoring and implementing evidence-based programs using a community-engaged framework would be beneficial to future research and practice."
"Journal Article"	"H. B. Schuette; M. J. Kraeutler; E. C. McCarty"	"2017"	"Matrix-Assisted Autologous Chondrocyte Transplantation in the Knee: A Systematic Review of Mid- to Long-Term Clinical Outcomes"	"Orthopaedic journal of sports medicine"	"5"	"6"	"2325967117709250-2325967117709250"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28620621
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5464387/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5464387/pdf/10.1177_2325967117709250.pdf"	"10.1177/2325967117709250"	"articular cartilage
knee
matrix-assisted autologous chondrocyte transplantation
matrix-assisted chondrocyte implantation"	"BACKGROUND: Matrix-assisted autologous chondrocyte transplantation (MACT) is a surgical treatment option for articular cartilage lesions of the knee joint. PURPOSE: To investigate mid- to long-term clinical outcomes of MACT in the patellofemoral (PF) and tibiofemoral (TF) joints. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review; Level of evidence, 4. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library to find studies evaluating minimum 5-year clinical outcomes of patients undergoing MACT in the knee joint. Search terms used were knee, matrix, and autologous chondrocyte. Patients were evaluated based on treatment failure rates, magnetic resonance imaging, and subjective outcome scores. Study methodology was assessed using the Modified Coleman Methodology Score (MCMS). RESULTS: Ten studies (two level 1, one level 2, one level 3, and six level 4 evidence) were identified that met inclusion and exclusion criteria, for a total of 442 TF patients and 136 PF patients. Treatment failure occurred in 9.7% of all patients, including 4.7% of PF patients and 12.4% of TF patients (P = .037). Weighted averages of subjective outcome scores, including Knee injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score, Short Form-36 Health Survey, and Tegner scores, improved from baseline to latest follow-up in both TF and PF patients. The mean MCMS was found to be 57.4, with a standard deviation of 18.5. CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing MACT in the knee show favorable mid- to long-term clinical outcomes. A significantly higher treatment failure rate was found in patients undergoing MACT in the TF joint compared with the PF joint."
"Journal Article"	"H. B. Schuette; M. J. Kraeutler; D. A. Houck; E. C. McCarty"	"2017"	"Bone-Patellar Tendon-Bone Versus Hamstring Tendon Autografts for Primary Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: A Systematic Review of Overlapping Meta-analyses"	"Orthopaedic journal of sports medicine"	"5"	"11"	"2325967117736484-2325967117736484"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29152522
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5680945/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5680945/pdf/10.1177_2325967117736484.pdf"	"10.1177/2325967117736484"	"anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction
bone–patellar tendon–bone autograft
hamstring tendon autograft
knee
meta-analysis"	"BACKGROUND: Previous meta-analyses have compared bone-patellar tendon-bone (BPTB) with hamstring tendon (HT) autografts for primary anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR). PURPOSE: To conduct a systematic review of overlapping meta-analyses comparing BPTB with HT autografts for ACLR to determine which meta-analyses provide the best available evidence. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review; Level of evidence, 4. METHODS: A systematic review was performed by searching the PubMed and Cochrane Library databases. Search words included "anterior cruciate ligament" AND "patellar tendon" AND "hamstring tendon" AND "meta-analysis." Results were reviewed to determine study eligibility. Patient outcomes and postoperative complications were extracted from the included meta-analyses. Meta-analysis quality was assessed using the Oxman-Guyatt and Quality of Reporting of Meta-analyses (QUOROM) scores. The Jadad decision algorithm was then utilized to determine which meta-analyses provided the best level of evidence. RESULTS: Sixteen meta-analyses containing an average of 1396 patients met the eligibility criteria. Most studies found BPTB autografts to provide superior stability but more postoperative complications, such as anterior knee pain and kneeling pain. Studies by Gabler et al (2016), Mohtadi et al (2011), and Xie et al (2015) received the highest Oxman-Guyatt and QUOROM scores, and therefore, these meta-analyses proved to provide the highest level of evidence. Additionally, Xie et al was selected as the highest-quality study in this systematic review based on the Jadad decision algorithm. CONCLUSION: The current best evidence suggests that ACLR with BPTB autografts provides superior static knee stability and that there are fewer postoperative complications in ACLR with HT autografts."
"Journal Article"	"M. J. Kraeutler; J. W. Belk; T. J. Carver; E. C. McCarty"	"2018"	"Is Delayed Weightbearing After Matrix-Associated Autologous Chondrocyte Implantation in the Knee Associated With Better Outcomes? A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials"	"Orthopaedic journal of sports medicine"	"6"	"5"	"2325967118770986-2325967118770986"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29770344
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5946627/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5946627/pdf/10.1177_2325967118770986.pdf"	"10.1177/2325967118770986"	"articular cartilage
autologous chondrocyte implantation
rehabilitation"	"BACKGROUND: Proper rehabilitation after matrix-associated autologous chondrocyte implantation (MACI) is essential to restore a patient's normal function without overloading the repair site. PURPOSE: To evaluate the current literature to assess clinical outcomes of MACI in the knee based on postoperative rehabilitation protocols, namely, the time to return to full weightbearing (WB). STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review; Level of evidence, 1. METHODS: A systematic review was performed to locate studies of level 1 evidence comparing the outcomes of patients who underwent MACI with a 6-week, 8-week, or 10/11-week time period to return to full WB. Patient-reported outcomes assessed included the Knee injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score (KOOS), Tegner activity scale, Short Form Health Survey-36 (SF-36), and visual analog scale (VAS) for pain frequency and severity. RESULTS: Seven studies met the inclusion criteria, including a total of 136 patients (138 lesions) who underwent MACI. Treatment failure had occurred in 0.0% of patients in the 6-week group, 7.5% in the 8-week group, and 8.3% in the 10/11-week group at a mean follow-up of 2.5 years (P = .46). KOOS, SF-36, and VAS scores in each group improved significantly from preoperatively to follow-up (P < .001). CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing MACI in the knee can be expected to experience improvement in clinical outcomes with the rehabilitation protocols outlined in this work. No significant differences were seen in failure rates based on the time to return to full WB."
"Journal Article"	"D. A. Houck; M. J. Kraeutler; E. C. McCarty; J. T. Bravman"	"2018"	"Fixed- Versus Adjustable-Loop Femoral Cortical Suspension Devices for Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Biomechanical Studies"	"Orthopaedic journal of sports medicine"	"6"	"10"	"2325967118801762-2325967118801762"	"SAGE Publications"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30364394
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6196635/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6196635/pdf/10.1177_2325967118801762.pdf"	"10.1177/2325967118801762"	"adjustable loop
anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction
cortical suspension
fixed loop
suspensory fixation device"	"BACKGROUND: Fixed- and adjustable-loop femoral cortical suspension devices are commonly used for femoral graft fixation during anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR). PURPOSE: To compare the biomechanical results of fixed- versus adjustable-loop femoral cortical suspension devices in studies simulating ACLR with an isolated device and/or specimen setup using porcine femora and bovine flexor tendons. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review. METHODS: Two independent reviewers searched PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases to find studies comparing the biomechanical strength of fixed- and adjustable-loop cortical suspension devices for ACLR with isolated device and/or specimen setups using porcine femora and bovine flexor tendons. Studies that compared both devices with similar biomechanical methods were included. Data extracted included displacement during cyclic loading, ultimate load to failure, and mode of failure of the different cortical suspension devices for ACLR. RESULTS: Six studies were identified that met the inclusion criteria, including a total of 76 fixed-loop devices and 120 adjustable-loop devices. Load to failure was significantly different (P < .0001), with the strongest fixation device being the ToggleLoc with ZipLoop adjustable-loop device (1443.9 ± 512.3 N), compared with the Endobutton CL fixed-loop device (1312.9 ± 258.1 N; P = .04) and the TightRope RT adjustable-loop device (863.8 ± 64.7 N; P = .01). Cyclic displacement was significantly different, with Endobutton CL (3.7 ± 3.9 mm) showing the least displacement, followed by ToggleLoc with ZipLoop (4.9 ± 2.3 mm) and TightRope RT (7.7 ± 11.1 mm) (P < .0001). Mode of failure was statistically different between the 3 groups (P = .01), with suture failure accounting for 83.8% of TightRope RT devices, 69.4% of ToggleLoc with ZipLoop devices, and 60.3% of Endobutton CL devices. CONCLUSION: Current biomechanical data suggest that the ToggleLoc with ZipLoop device is the strongest fixation device at "time zero" in terms of ultimate load to mechanical failure. However, the Endobutton CL device demonstrated the least cyclic displacement, which may be a more clinically applicable measure of device superiority."
"Journal Article"	"E. J. Lavonas; J. Buchanan"	"2015"	"Hemodialysis for lithium poisoning"	"The Cochrane database of systematic reviews"		"9"	"CD007951-CD007951"	"John Wiley & Sons, Ltd"	"Chichester, UK"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26374731"	"10.1002/14651858.CD007951.pub2"	"Humans
Lithium Carbonate/poisoning
Lithium Compounds/*poisoning
Poisoning/therapy
*Renal Dialysis"	"BACKGROUND: Lithium salts, particularly lithium carbonate, are frequently used to treat bipolar disorder and mania. Lithium poisoning, which can occur as a result of reduced renal elimination, prescribing error, drug-drug interactions, or deliberate overdosage, produces neurologic injury that can be permanent. Hemodialysis is often recommended to treat lithium poisoning. Although hemodialysis clearly enhances the elimination of lithium, it is unclear whether this translates into improved patient outcomes. Evidence from observational studies, generally of low methodological quality, shows similar outcomes in patients managed with or without the use of hemodialysis. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether hemodialysis, applied in addition to standard therapy, reduces the likelihood, severity, or duration of neurological sequelae following lithium poisoning. SEARCH METHODS: We ran the search on 15 May 2015. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library), MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase Classic+Embase (OvidSP), CINAHL Plus, clinical trials registers and four other databases. We screened the reference lists of relevant studies, textbook chapters, and review articles, and performed a Google search to identify grey literature. SELECTION CRITERIA: In the context of this review, hemodialysis was defined as any extracorporeal technique to filter and extract toxicants from the serum, including all forms of hemodialysis, hemofiltration, and continuous renal replacement techniques, but not peritoneal dialysis. We included any clinical trials in which patients were randomly allocated to receive, or not receive, hemodialysis in addition to standard care for lithium poisoning. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors reviewed the abstracts of all identified articles. If either author identified an article as potentially meeting the inclusion criteria, both authors reviewed the full text of the article. MAIN RESULTS: No randomized controlled trials of hemodialysis therapy for lithium poisoning were identified. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Although the use of hemodialysis to enhance the elimination of lithium in patients with lithium poisoning appears logical, there is no evidence from randomized controlled trials to support nor refute the use of hemodialysis in the management of patients with lithium poisoning."
"Journal Article"	"C. S. Harrod; C. W. Goss; L. Stallones; C. DiGuiseppi"	"2014"	"Interventions for primary prevention of suicide in university and other post-secondary educational settings"	"The Cochrane database of systematic reviews"		"10"	"CD009439-CD009439"	"John Wiley & Sons, Ltd"	"Chichester, UK"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25353703"	"10.1002/14651858.CD009439.pub2"	"*Education, Graduate
Humans
Primary Prevention/*methods
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Secondary Prevention
*Suicidal Ideation
Suicide/*prevention & control
*Universities"	"BACKGROUND: Suicide is a leading cause of death among post-secondary students worldwide. Suicidal thoughts and planning are common among post-secondary students. Previous reviews have examined the effectiveness of interventions for symptomatic individuals; however, many students at high risk of suicide are undiagnosed and untreated. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the effect on suicide and suicide-related outcomes of primary suicide prevention interventions that targeted students within the post-secondary setting. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the following sources up to June 2011: Specialised Registers of two Cochrane Groups, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and nine other databases, trial registers, conference proceedings, and websites of national and international organizations. We screened reference lists and contacted authors of included studies to identify additional studies. We updated the search in November 2013; we will include these results in the review's next update. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included studies that tested an intervention for the primary prevention of suicide using a randomized controlled trial (RCT), controlled before-and-after (CBA), controlled interrupted time series (CITS), or interrupted time series (ITS) study design. Interventions targeted students within the post-secondary setting (i.e. college, university, academy, vocational, or any other post-secondary educational institution) without known mental illness, previous suicide attempt or self-harm, or suicidal ideation. Outcomes included suicides, suicide attempts, suicidal ideation, changes in suicide-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior, and availability of means of suicide. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standardized electronic forms for data extraction, risk of bias and quality of evidence determination, and analysis. We estimated standardised mean differences (SMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We analysed studies by intervention type and study design. We summarized RCT effect sizes using random-effects models meta-analyses; and analysed statistical heterogeneity using the Chi(2) test and I(2) statistic. We described narratively the results from studies that used other study designs. MAIN RESULTS: Eight studies met inclusion criteria. They were heterogeneous in terms of participants, study designs, and interventions. Five of eight studies had high risk of bias. In 3 RCTs (312 participants), classroom-based didactic and experiential programs increased short-term knowledge of suicide (SMD = 1.51, 95% CI 0.57 to 2.45; moderate quality evidence) and knowledge of suicide prevention (SMD = 0.72, 95% CI 0.36 to 1.07; moderate quality evidence). The effect on suicide prevention self-efficacy in one RCT (152 participants) was uncertain (SMD = 0.20, 95% CI -0.13 to 0.54; low quality evidence). One CBA analysed the effects of an institutional policy that restricted student access to laboratory cyanide and mandated professional assessment for suicidal students. The incidence of student suicide decreased significantly at one university with the policy relative to 11 control universities, 2.00 vs. 8.68 per 100,000 (Z = 5.90; P < 0.05). Four CBAs explored effects of training 'gatekeepers' to recognize and respond to warning signs of emotional crises and suicide risk in students they encountered. The magnitude of effect sizes varied between studies. Gatekeeper training enhanced short-term suicide knowledge in students, peer advisors residing in student accommodation, and faculty and staff, and suicide prevention self-efficacy among peer advisors. There was no evidence of an effect on participants' suicide-related attitudes or behaviors. One CBA found no evidence of effects of gatekeeper training of peer advisors on suicide-related knowledge, self-efficacy, or gatekeeper behaviors measured four to six months after intervention. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: We found insufficient evidence to support widespread implementation of any programs or policies for primary suicide prevention in post-secondary educational settings. As all e aluated interventions combined primary and secondary prevention components, we were unable to determine the independent effects of primary preventive interventions. Classroom instruction and gatekeeper training increased short-term suicide-related knowledge. We found no studies that tested the effects of classroom instruction on suicidal behavior or long-term outcomes. Limited evidence suggested minimal longer-term effects of gatekeeper training on suicide-related knowledge, while no evidence was found evaluating its effect on suicidal behavior. A policy-based suicide intervention reduced student suicide, but findings have not been replicated. Our findings are limited by the overall low quality of the evidence and the lack of studies from middle- and low-income countries. Rigorously designed studies should test the effects of preventive interventions on important health outcomes, including suicidal ideation and behavior, in varying post-secondary settings."
"Journal Article"	"S. A. B. Rosen; A. E. Getz; T. Kingdom; A. S. Youssef; V. R. Ramakrishnan"	"2016"	"Systematic review of the effectiveness of perioperative prophylactic antibiotics for skull base surgeries"	"American journal of rhinology & allergy"	"30"	"2"	"e10-e16"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26980379"	"10.2500/ajra.2016.30.4298"	"*Antibiotic Prophylaxis
Humans
Meningitis/etiology/*prevention & control
*Neuroendoscopy
*Neurosurgical Procedures
Perioperative Period
Postoperative Complications/*prevention & control
Skull Base/*surgery"	"BACKGROUND: Perioperative antibiotics are commonly used in endoscopic skull base surgeries as prophylaxis for infectious complications, e.g., meningitis. The role of perioperative prophylactic antibiotics in endoscopic sinus surgery is unclear, and the routine use of prophylactic antibiotics in endoscopic skull base surgery is also highly debated. Currently, there is no formal recommendation for perioperative antibiotic use in skull base surgery, and regimens vary greatly from one institution to the next. OBJECTIVE: To assess perioperative antibiotics as prophylaxis against infectious complications in patients who underwent endoscopic skull base surgery. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Ovid EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library. METHODS: A systematic review that examined perioperative antibiotic use in endoscopic skull base and craniofacial surgeries was conducted. Inclusion criteria were prospective or retrospective study design and clinical trials related to the use of antibiotics within 30 days of skull base surgery. End points included infectious complications such as (1) meningitis and (2) sinusitis. RESULTS: A total of 2543 articles were identified by the initial search, and 5 articles met inclusion criteria. The five eligible trials were all observational and involved different types of skull base surgical procedures and antibiotic regimens. CONCLUSIONS: Despite institutional variability in antibiotic regimens, meningitis rarely occurs after skull base procedures and seems to be encountered most frequently in open craniofacial surgeries. A systematic review revealed a limited number of published studies, all observational in study design, which precluded a formal meta-analysis. A novel large-scale randomized-controlled clinical trial is needed to evaluate antibiotic selection and need in endoscopic skull base surgery."
"Journal Article"	"F. G. Kouyoumdjian; K. E. McIsaac; J. Liauw; S. Green; F. Karachiwalla; W. Siu; K. Burkholder; I. Binswanger; L. Kiefer; S. A. Kinner; M. Korchinski; F. I. Matheson; P. Young; S. W. Hwang"	"2015"	"A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of interventions to improve the health of persons during imprisonment and in the year after release"	"American journal of public health"	"105"	"4"	"e13-e33"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25713970
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4358164/"	"10.2105/AJPH.2014.302498"	"Communicable Diseases/diagnosis/therapy
Health Promotion/*organization & administration
Health Services/statistics & numerical data
*Health Status
Humans
Mental Disorders/diagnosis/therapy
*Mental Health
*Prisoners
Public Health
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Substance-Related Disorders/diagnosis/therapy"	"We systematically reviewed randomized controlled trials of interventions to improve the health of people during imprisonment or in the year after release. We searched 14 biomedical and social science databases in 2014, and identified 95 studies. Most studies involved only men or a majority of men (70/83 studies in which gender was specified); only 16 studies focused on adolescents. Most studies were conducted in the United States (n = 57). The risk of bias for outcomes in almost all studies was unclear or high (n = 91). In 59 studies, interventions led to improved mental health, substance use, infectious diseases, or health service utilization outcomes; in 42 of these studies, outcomes were measured in the community after release. Improving the health of people who experience imprisonment requires knowledge generation and knowledge translation, including implementation of effective interventions."
"Journal Article"	"K. D. Heyborne"	"2017"	"A Systematic Review of Intrapartum Fetal Head Compression: What Is the Impact on the Fetal Brain?"	"AJP reports"	"7"	"2"	"e79-e85"	"Thieme Medical Publishers"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28465865
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5406232/"	"10.1055/s-0037-1602658"	"fetal brain injury
fetal head compression
fetal intracranial pressure
mechanical forces of labor"	"Objective During labor the fetal head is subjected to pressure related to uterine contractions and maternal pushing. Here we systematically review what is known about fetal head compression and its effects on fetal intracranial pressure, oxygenation, blood flow and cerebral function, and the plausibility that it might cause isolated fetal brain injury. Study Design Systematic review of intrapartum fetal head compression and fetal brain injury in accordance with the MOOSE methodology. The PubMed database was searched using a combination of the terms "fetal," "head," "cranial," "extracranial," "pressure," and "compression." Additional references were obtained using multiple strategies. Results were evaluated, and relevant studies encompassing animal and human data using several approaches are summarized in this review. Results Studies support a significant increase in fetal extracranial pressure with contractions and pushing. However, available data do not support a concomitant significant relative increase in intracranial pressure, a reduction in cerebral circulation or oxygenation, or an impact on cerebral function. Conclusion A review of the literature indicates that fetal intracranial pressure is well protected from extracranial forces. Available data do not support intrapartum fetal extracranial pressure as a cause of fetal brain injury. Precis The fetal brain is relatively unaffected by intrapartum fetal head compression."
"Journal Article"	"W. V. Chan; T. A. Pearson; G. C. Bennett; W. C. Cushman; T. A. Gaziano; P. N. Gorman; J. Handler; H. M. Krumholz; R. F. Kushner; T. D. MacKenzie; R. L. Sacco; S. C. Smith; V. J. Stevens; B. L. Wells"	"2017"	"ACC/AHA Special Report: Clinical Practice Guideline Implementation Strategies: A Summary of Systematic Reviews by the NHLBI Implementation Science Work Group: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines"	"Circulation"	"135"	"9"	"E122-E137"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000395549700002"	"10.1161/cir.0000000000000481"	"AHA Scientific Statements
cost
detailing
effectiveness
evidence-based
incentives
interventions
reminders
systematic review
decision-support-systems
venous thromboembolism
improve prophylaxis
disease management
medication use
care
interventions
quality
professionals
prevention
Cardiovascular System & Cardiology"	"Background: In 2008, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute convened an Implementation Science Work Group to assess evidence-based strategies for effectively implementing clinical practice guidelines. This was part of a larger effort to update existing clinical practice guidelines on cholesterol, blood pressure, and overweight/obesity. Objectives: Review evidence from the published implementation science literature and identify effective or promising strategies to enhance the adoption and implementation of clinical practice guidelines. Methods: This systematic review was conducted on 4 critical questions, each focusing on the adoption and effectiveness of 4 intervention strategies: (1) reminders, (2) educational outreach visits, (3) audit and feedback, and (4) provider incentives. A scoping review of the Rx for Change database of systematic reviews was used to identify promising guideline implementation interventions aimed at providers. Inclusion and exclusion criteria were developed a priori for each question, and the published literature was initially searched up to 2012, and then updated with a supplemental search to 2015. Two independent reviewers screened the returned citations to identify relevant reviews and rated the quality of each included review. Results: Audit and feedback and educational outreach visits were generally effective in improving both process of care (15 of 21 reviews and 12 of 13 reviews, respectively) and clinical outcomes (7 of 12 reviews and 3 of 5 reviews, respectively). Provider incentives showed mixed effectiveness for improving both process of care (3 of 4 reviews) and clinical outcomes (3 reviews equally distributed between generally effective, mixed, and generally ineffective). Reminders showed mixed effectiveness for improving process of care outcomes (27 reviews with 11 mixed and 3 generally ineffective results) and were generally ineffective for clinical outcomes (18 reviews with 6 mixed and 9 generally ineffective results). Educational outreach visits (2 of 2 reviews), reminders (3 of 4 reviews), and provider incentives (1 of 1 review) were generally effective for cost reduction. Educational outreach visits (1 of 1 review) and provider incentives (1 of 1 review) were also generally effective for cost-effectiveness outcomes. Barriers to clinician adoption or adherence to guidelines included time constraints (8 reviews/overviews); limited staffing resources (2 overviews); timing (5 reviews/overviews); clinician skepticism (5 reviews/overviews); clinician knowledge of guidelines (4 reviews/overviews); and higher age of the clinician (1 overview). Facilitating factors included guideline characteristics such as format, resources, and end-user involvement (6 reviews/overviews); involving stakeholders (5 reviews/overviews); leadership support (5 reviews/overviews); scope of implementation (5 reviews/overviews); organizational culture such as multidisciplinary teams and low-baseline adherence (9 reviews/overviews); and electronic guidelines systems (3 reviews). Conclusion: The strategies of audit and feedback and educational outreach visits were generally effective in improving both process of care and clinical outcomes. Reminders and provider incentives showed mixed effectiveness, or were generally ineffective. No general conclusion could be reached about cost effectiveness, because of limitations in the evidence. Important gaps exist in the evidence on effectiveness of implementation interventions, especially regarding clinical outcomes, cost effectiveness and contextual issues affecting successful implementation."
"Journal Article"	"J. A. Bittl; U. Baber; S. M. Bradley; D. N. Wijeysundera"	"2016"	"Duration of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy: A Systematic Review for the 2016 ACC/AHA Guideline Focused Update on Duration of Dual Antiplatelet Therapy in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines"	"Circulation"	"134"	"10"	"E156-E178"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000384041300002"	"10.1161/cir.0000000000000405"	"AHA Scientific Statements
acute coronary syndrome
aspirin
coronary
artery disease
coronary stents
dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT)
focused update
P2Y(12) inhibitor
stable ischemic heart disease
eluting stent implantation
prior myocardial-infarction
st-segment
elevation
controlled-trial
randomized-trials
of-cardiology
cardiovascular angiography
network metaanalysis
double-blind
bare-metal
Cardiovascular System & Cardiology"	"Background: The optimal duration of dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) after implantation of newer-generation drug-eluting stents (DES) remains uncertain. Similarly, questions remain about the role of DAPT in long-term therapy of stable post-myocardial infarction (MI) patients. Aim: Our objective was to compare the incidence of death, major hemorrhage, MI, stent thrombosis, and major adverse cardiac events in patients randomized to prolonged or short-course DAPT after implantation of newer-generation DES and in secondary prevention after MI. Methods: We used traditional frequentist statistical and Bayesian approaches to address the following questions: Q1) What is the minimum duration of DAPT required after DES implantation? Q2) What is the clinical benefit of prolonging DAPT up to 18 to 48 months? Q3) What is the clinical effect of DAPT in stable patients who are >1 year past an MI? Results: We reviewed evidence from 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 33051 patients who received predominantly newer-generation DES to answer: A1) Use of DAPT for 12 months, as compared with use for 3 to 6 months, resulted in no significant differences in incidence of death (odds ratio [OR]: 1.17; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85 to 1.63), major hemorrhage (OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 0.97 to 2.82), MI (OR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.65 to 1.18), or stent thrombosis (OR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.49 to 1.55). Bayesian models confirmed the primary analysis. A2) Use of DAPT for 18 to 48 months, compared with use for 6 to 12 months, was associated with no difference in incidence of all-cause death (OR: 1.14; 95% CI: 0.92 to 1.42) but was associated with increased major hemorrhage (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.20 to 2.09), decreased MI (OR: 0.67; 95% CI: 0.47 to 0.95), and decreased stent thrombosis (OR: 0.45; 95% CI: 0.24 to 0.74). A risk-benefit analysis found 3 fewer stent thromboses (95% CI: 2 to 5) and 6 fewer MIs (95% CI: 2 to 11) but 5 more major bleeds (95% CI: 3 to 9) per 1000 patients treated with prolonged DAPT per year. Post hoc analyses provided weak evidence of increased mortality with prolonged DAPT. We reviewed evidence from 1 RCT of 21162 patients and a post hoc analysis of 1 RCT of 15603 patients to answer: A3): Use of DAPT >1 year after MI reduced the composite risk of cardiovascular death, MI, or stroke (hazard ratio: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.74 to 0.95) but increased major bleeding (hazard ratio: 2.32; 95% CI: 1.68 to 3.21). A meta-analysis and a post hoc analysis of an RCT in patients with stable cardiovascular disease produced similar findings. Conclusions: The primary analysis provides moderately strong evidence that prolonged DAPT after implantation of newer-generation DES entails a tradeoff between reductions in stent thrombosis and MI and increases in major hemorrhage. Secondary analyses provide weak evidence of increased mortality with prolonged DAPT after DES implantation. In patients whose coronary thrombotic risk was defined by a prior MI rather than by DES implantation, the primary analysis provides moderately strong evidence of reduced cardiovascular events at the expense of increased bleeding."
"Journal Article"	"S. F. Wang; Q. Wang; L. J. Jiao; Y. L. Huang; D. Garfield; J. Zhang; L. Xu"	"2016"	"Astragalus-containing Traditional Chinese Medicine, with and without prescription based on syndrome differentiation, combined with chemotherapy for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer: a systemic review and meta-analysis"	"Current Oncology"	"23"	"3"	"E188-E195"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000378056300005
https://current-oncology.com/index.php/oncology/article/download/2920/2146"	"10.3747/co.23.2920"	"Astragalus
TCM
chemotherapy
advanced non-small-cell lung cancer
quality
herbs
statistics
trials
Oncology"	"Objective Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) is used in China as part of the treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and often includes prescription of herbal therapy based on syndrome differentiation. Studies of various Astragalus-based Chinese medicines combined with platinum-based chemotherapy in the treatment of lung cancer are popular in East Asia, particularly in China. The aim of the present study was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis comparing platinum-based chemotherapy alone with platinum-based chemotherapy plus Astragalus-based Chinese botanicals, with and without prescription based on syndrome differentiation, as first-line treatment for advanced NSCLC. Methods We searched the Chinese Biomedical Literature database, the China National Knowledge Internet, the VIP Chinese Science and Technology Periodicals Database, PubMed, EMBASE, the Cochrane databases, and abstracts presented at meetings of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the World Conference on Lung Cancer, the European Society for Medical Oncology, and the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology for all eligible studies. Endpoints were overall survival; 1-year, 2-year, and 3-year survival rates; performance status; overall response rate; and grade 3 or 4 adverse events. Subgroup analyses based on herbal formulae individualized using syndrome differentiation or on oral or injection patent medicines were performed using the Stata software application (version 11.0: StataCorp LP, College Station, TX, U.S.A.) and a fixed-effects or random-effects model in case of heterogeneity. Results are expressed as a hazard ratio (HR) or relative risk (RR), with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIS). Results Seventeen randomized studies with scores on the Jadad quality scale of 2 or more, representing 1552 patients, met the inclusion criteria. Compared with platinum-based chemotherapy alone, the addition of Astragalus-based TCM to chemotherapy was associated with significantly increased overall survival (HR: 0.61; 95% CI: 0.42 to 0.89; p = 0.011); 1-year (RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.65 to 0.82; p < 0.001), 2-year (RR: 0.3344; 95% CI: 0.237 to 0.4773; p < 0.001), and 3-year survival rates (RR: 0.30; 95% CI: 0.17 to 0.53; p < 0.001); performance status (RR: 0.43; 95% CI: 0.34 to 0.55; p < 0.001); and tumour overall response rate (RR: 0.7982; 95% CI: 0.715 to 0.89; p < 0.001). Subgroup analyses indicated that Astragalus herbal formulae given based on syndrome differentiation were more effective than Astragalus-based oral and injection patent medicines. Side effects-including anemia, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, fatigue, poor appetite, nausea, and vomiting-were significantly more frequent with platinumbased chemotherapy alone than when platinum-based chemotherapy was combined with Astragalus-based TCM. Conclusions Astragalus-based Chinese botanical therapy, especially when based on syndrome differentiation, is associated with increased efficacy of platinum-based chemotherapy and decreased platinum-derived toxicities for patients with advanced NSCLC."
"Journal Article"	"P. Korrapati; J. Ciolino; S. Wani; J. Shah; R. Watson; V. R. Muthusamy; J. Klapman; S. Komanduri"	"2016"	"The efficacy of peroral cholangioscopy for difficult bile duct stones and indeterminate strictures: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Endoscopy international open"	"4"	"3"	"E263-E275"	"© Georg Thieme Verlag KG"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27004242
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4798839/
https://www.thieme-connect.com/products/ejournals/pdf/10.1055/s-0042-100194.pdf"	"10.1055/s-0042-100194"		"BACKGROUND AND STUDY AIMS: Current evidence supporting the efficacy of peroral cholangioscopy (POC) in the evaluation and management of difficult bile duct stones and indeterminate strictures is limited. The aims of this systematic review and meta-analysis were to assess the following: the efficacy of POC for the therapy of difficult bile duct stones, the diagnostic accuracy of POC for the evaluation of indeterminate biliary strictures, and the overall adverse event rates for POC. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients referred for the removal of difficult bile duct stones or the evaluation of indeterminate strictures via POC were included. Search terms pertaining to cholangioscopy were used, and articles were selected based on preset inclusion and exclusion criteria. Quality assessment of the studies was completed with a modified Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. After critical literature review, relevant outcomes of interest were analyzed. Meta-regression was performed to examine potential sources of between-study variation. Publication bias was assessed via funnel plots and Egger's test. RESULTS: A total of 49 studies were included. The overall estimated stone clearance rate was 88 % (95 % confidence interval [95 %CI] 85 % - 91 %). The accuracy of POC was 89 % (95 %CI 84 % - 93 %) for making a visual diagnosis and and 79 % (95 %CI 74 % - 84 %) for making a histological diagnosis. The estimated overall adverse event rate was 7 % (95 %CI 6 % - 9 %). CONCLUSIONS: POC is a safe and effective adjunctive tool with endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) for the evaluation of bile duct strictures and the treatment of bile duct stones when conventional methods have failed. Prospective, controlled clinical trials are needed to further elucidate the precise role of POC during ERCP."
"Journal Article"	"C. Massey; A. Dharmarajan; R. R. Bannuru; E. Rebeiz"	"2019"	"Management of N0 neck in early oral squamous cell carcinoma: A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"The Laryngoscope"	"129"	"8"	"E284-E298"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30570760
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/lary.27627"	"10.1002/lary.27627"	"*Oral cavity
*clinical N0 neck
*elective neck dissection
*occult nodal metastasis
*squamous cell carcinoma
Aged
Carcinoma, Squamous Cell/pathology/*surgery
Elective Surgical Procedures/methods/*statistics & numerical data
Female
Humans
Lymph Nodes/pathology/surgery
Lymphatic Metastasis
Male
Middle Aged
Mouth Neoplasms/pathology/*surgery
Neck/pathology/surgery
Neck Dissection/*statistics & numerical data
Neoplasm Staging
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Retrospective Studies
Treatment Outcome"	"OBJECTIVE: The role of elective neck dissection (END) in patients with stage I (T1N0) and II (T2N0) squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity remains a controversial topic. We investigate the need for END by establishing a true incidence of occult nodal disease as a function of T stage DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, Google Scholar, Scopus. REVIEW METHODS: Studies were selected using a set of inclusion and exclusion criteria. Meta-analysis using a random-effects model was employed to generate an odds ratio (OR) comparing the incidence of occult metastasis between T1 and T2 tumors, as well as regional recurrence rates between patients receiving END versus observation. RESULTS: Thirty-nine publications comprising five randomized controlled trials and 34 retrospective studies were selected for inclusion, yielding over 4,300 patients for analysis. The overall incidence of occult nodal metastasis, weighted by study size, was found to be 23%. Patients with T2 tumors have a significantly higher odds of having occult nodal disease (OR: 2.6, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.0-3.4) over patients with T1 tumors. We also demonstrate that for patients who are observed, the odds of recurrence are significantly higher (OR: 4.18, 95% CI: 2.78-6.28) compared to those who undergo END, although statistically significant interstudy heterogeneity was observed. CONCLUSIONS: END should be reserved for stage II tumors given the significantly higher rate of occult metastasis. Observation may be more appropriate for stage I cancers. Laryngoscope, 129:E284-E298, 2019."
"Journal Article"	"R. Kumar; J. Lim; R. A. Mekary; A. Rattani; M. C. Dewan; S. Y. Sharif; E. Osorio-Fonseca; K. B. Park"	"2018"	"Traumatic Spinal Injury: Global Epidemiology and Worldwide Volume"	"World neurosurgery"	"113"		"e345-e363"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29454115"	"10.1016/j.wneu.2018.02.033"	"Epidemiology
Global
Incidence
Traumatic spinal cord injury
Traumatic spinal injury
Volume
Accidental Falls/statistics & numerical data
Accidents, Traffic/statistics & numerical data
Adult
Female
Global Health
Humans
Income
Male
Middle Aged
Spinal Injuries/*epidemiology/etiology
Young Adult"	"BACKGROUND: Traumatic spinal injury (TSI) results from injury to bony, ligamentous, and/or neurologic structures of the spinal column and can cause significant morbidity and mortality. The global burden of TSI is poorly understood, so we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to estimate the global volume of TSI. METHODS: We performed a systematic review through PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Databases on TSI studies reported from 2000 to 2016. Collected data were used to perform a meta-analysis to estimate the annual incidence of TSI across World Health Organization regions and World Bank income groups using random-effect models. Incorporating global population figures, the annual worldwide volume of TSI was estimated. RESULTS: A total of 102 studies were included in the systematic review and 19 studies in the meta-analysis. The overall global incidence of TSI was 10.5 cases per 100,000 persons, resulting in an estimated 768,473 [95% confidence interval, 597,213-939,732] new cases of TSI annually worldwide. The incidence of TSI was higher in low- and middle-income countries (8.72 per 100,000 persons) compared with high-income countries (13.69 per 100,000 persons). Road traffic accidents, followed by falls, were the most common mechanism of TSI worldwide. Overall, 48.8% of patients with TSI required surgery. CONCLUSIONS: TSI is a major source of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Largely preventable mechanisms, including road traffic accidents and falls, are the main causes of TSI globally. Further investigation is needed to delineate local and regional TSI incidences and causes, especially in low- and middle-income countries."
"Journal Article"	"L. L. Fujii-Lau; B. Cinnor; N. Shaheen; S. Gaddam; S. Komanduri; V. R. Muthusamy; A. Das; R. Wilson; V. C. Simon; V. Kushnir; D. Mullady; S. A. Edmundowicz; D. S. Early; S. Wani"	"2017"	"Recurrence of intestinal metaplasia and early neoplasia after endoscopic eradication therapy for Barrett's esophagus: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"Endoscopy international open"	"5"	"6"	"E430-E449"	"© Georg Thieme Verlag KG"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28573176
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5451278/"	"10.1055/s-0043-106578"		"BACKGROUND:  Conflicting data exist with regard to recurrence rates of intestinal metaplasia (IM) and dysplasia after achieving complete eradication of intestinal metaplasia (CE-IM) in Barrett's esophagus (BE) patients. AIM:  (i) To determine the incidence of recurrent IM and dysplasia achieving CE-IM and (ii) to compare recurrence rates between treatment modalities [radiofrequency ablation (RFA) with or without endoscopic mucosal resection (EMR) vs stepwise complete EMR (SRER)]. METHODS:  A systematic search was performed for studies reporting on outcomes and estimates of recurrence rates after achieving CE-IM. Pooled incidence [per 100-patient-years (PY)] and risk ratios with 95 %CI were obtained. Heterogeneity was measured using the I(2) statistic. Subgroup analyses, decided a priori, were performed to explore heterogeneity in results. RESULTS:  A total of 39 studies were identified (25-RFA, 13-SRER, and 2 combined). The pooled incidence of any recurrence was 7.5 (95 %CI 6.1 - 9.0)/100 PY with a pooled incidence of IM recurrence rate of 4.8 (95 %CI 3.8 - 5.9)/100 PY, and dysplasia recurrence rate of 2.0 (95 %CI 1.5 - 2.5)/100 PY. Compared to the SRER group, the RFA group had significantly higher overall [8.6 (6.7 - 10.5)/100 PY vs. 5.1 (3.1 - 7)/100 PY, P  = 0.01] and IM recurrence rates [5.8 (4.3 - 7.3)/100 PY vs. 3.1 (1.7 - 4)/100 PY, P  < 0.01] with no difference in recurrence rates of dysplasia. Significant heterogeneity between studies was identified. The majority of recurrences were amenable to repeat endoscopic eradication therapy (EET). CONCLUSION:  The results of this study demonstrate that the incidence rates of overall, IM, and dysplasia recurrence rates post-EET are not inconsiderable and reinforce the importance of close surveillance after achieving CE-IM."
"Journal Article"	"A. Noshchenko; L. Hoffecker; E. M. Lindley; E. L. Burger; C. M. J. Cain; V. V. Patel"	"2015"	"Long-term Treatment Effects of Lumbar Arthrodeses in Degenerative Disk Disease A Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis"	"Journal of Spinal Disorders & Techniques"	"28"	"9"	"E493-E521"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000364286200001"	"10.1097/bsd.0000000000000124"	"lumbar spondylosis
lumbar arthrodesis
lumbar arthroplasty
long-term
treatment effects
low-back-pain
investigational-device-exemption
randomized
controlled-trial
oswestry disability index
bone morphogenetic
protein-2
2-year follow-up
spine-study-group
iliac crest bone
short-form 36
interbody fusion
Neurosciences & Neurology
Orthopedics"	"Study Design: Systematic review with meta-analysis. Objective: To (1) evaluate long-term patient-centered clinical outcomes after lumbar arthrodesis with or without decompression for lumbar spondylosis (LS); and (2) compare these outcomes with those of alternative treatments, including nonsurgical and surgical which maintain mobility of the lumbar spine. Summary of Background Data: The effective treatment of LS is a complex clinical and economic concern for patients and health care providers. Methods: Selection criteria: (1) randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs) comparing treatment effects of lumbar arthrodesis with other interventions; (2) participants: skeletally mature adults with lumbar degenerative disk disease. Search methods: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and others. All years through February of 2013 were included. Patient-centered clinical outcomes before treatment, at 12, 24, or >24 months of follow-up, and rate of complications and additional surgical treatment were collected. A meta-analysis was performed to evaluate pooled treatment effects. The GRADE approach was applied to evaluate the level of evidence. Results: The review included 38 studies of 5738 participants. All studies showed strong or at least moderate treatment effects of lumbar arthrodesis at 12, 24, and 48-72 months of follow-up. The level of evidence was moderate at 12 and 24 months, and low at 48-72 months. The pooled long-term treatment effect of lumbar arthrodesis exceeded those of: nonsurgical treatment (P<0.0001) with a moderate level of evidence, and decompression without fusion (P=0.005) with a low level of evidence. The treatment effect of lumbar arthrodesis showed a small inferiority versus arthroplasty at 12 and 24 months of follow-up (P<0.001), but not after 24 months postoperative. Conclusions: This review indicates that surgical stabilization of the lumbar spine is an effective treatment for LS; in particular, for patients with severe chronic low back pain that has been resistant to >= 3 months of conservative therapy."
"Journal Article"	"B. Nedelec; I. Parry; H. Acharya; L. Benavides; S. Bills; J. L. Bucher; J. Cheal; A. Chouinard; D. Crump; S. Duch; M. Godleski; J. Guenther; C. Knox; E. LaBonte; D. Lorello; J. X. Lucio; L. E. Macdonald; J. Kemp-Offenberg; C. Osborne; K. Pontius; M. Yelvington; A. de Oliveira; L. A. Kloda"	"2016"	"Practice Guidelines for Cardiovascular Fitness and Strengthening Exercise Prescription After Burn Injury"	"Journal of burn care & research : official publication of the American Burn Association"	"37"	"6"	"e539-e558"		"England"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26284636"	"10.1097/BCR.0000000000000282"	"Adult
Burns/*therapy
Cardiorespiratory Fitness
Child
Evidence-Based Medicine
*Exercise Therapy
Humans
*Practice Guidelines as Topic
*Resistance Training
Survivors"	"The objective of this review was to systematically evaluate the available clinical evidence for the prescription of strength training and cardiovascular endurance exercise programs for pediatric and adult burn survivors so that practice guidelines could be proposed. This review provides evidence-based recommendations specifically for rehabilitation professionals who are responsible for burn survivor rehabilitation. Summary recommendations were made after the literature was retrieved by systematic review, was critically appraised by multiple authors and the level of evidence determined in accordance with the Oxford Centre for Evidence-based Medicine criteria. Although gaps in the literature persist and should be addressed in future research projects, currently, strong research evidence supports the prescription of strength training and aerobic conditioning exercise programs for both adult and pediatric burn survivors when in the presence of strength limitations and/or decreased cardiovascular endurance after evaluation."
"Journal Article"	"N. L. Berlin; C. Cutter; C. Battaglia"	"2015"	"Will preoperative smoking cessation programs generate long-term cessation? A systematic review and meta-analysis"	"The American journal of managed care"	"21"	"11"	"e623-e631"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26735296"		"Humans
Postoperative Period
*Preoperative Period
Program Evaluation
*Smoking Cessation/methods/statistics & numerical data"	"OBJECTIVES: The aim of this review was to examine published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-experimental studies that evaluate the association between preoperative smoking cessation programs and long-term smoking cessation at a minimum of 6 months, postoperatively. STUDY DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. METHODS: A systematic review was performed utilizing MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PSYCHinfo, and COCHRANE databases. All eligible studies of smoking-cessation interventions initiated preoperatively, with cessation measured at a minimum of 6 months postoperatively, were identified. The effect of cessation interventions at 12 months postoperatively in RCTs was evaluated through meta-analyses using Mantel-Haenszel risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs. A fixed effects model was conducted initially; however, due to heterogeneity in study characteristics and patient cohorts, a more conservative random effects model was also performed. RESULTS: Four RCTs and 4 quasi-experimental studies were included. Two RCTs demonstrated an association between interventions and cessation at 12 months, and the quasi-experimental studies showed cessation rates of 48% to 56% at 12 months, postoperatively. In a fixed effects model, interventions were associated with a greater likelihood of cessation at 12 months (RR, 1.50; 95% CI, 1.05-2.15; P = .02), although this effect was not statistically significant after applying a random effects model (RR, 1.61; 95% CI, 0.88-2.96; P = .12). CONCLUSIONS: The literature suggests that preoperative smoking cessation programs will likely precipitate long-term (≥12 months) cessation. Additional studies should identify approaches that optimize preoperative cessation programs in the promotion of short-term, and long-term cessation."
"Journal Article"	"D. L. Varela; M. Teleb; W. El-Mallah"	"2018"	"Advanced therapies for the management of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension due to congenital heart disease: a systematic review"	"Open heart"	"5"	"1"	"e000744-e000744"	"BMJ Publishing Group"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29344382
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5761307/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5761307/pdf/openhrt-2017-000744.pdf"	"10.1136/openhrt-2017-000744"	"congenital heart disease
pulmonary arterial hypertension (pah)
pulmonary vascular disease"	"Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) secondary to congenital heart disease (CHD) is the third most common cause of PAH, and it is becoming increasingly common as improvements in the management of CHD have led to increased life expectancy for these patients. The medical management of PAH due to CHD (PAH-CHD) is largely the same as what has been used for the treatment of idiopathic PAH, though the body of literature supporting this management decision is very small. There are currently few studies available which specifically focus on the treatment of PAH-CHD. The purpose of this literature review is to compare the results of those studies that assessed the response to medical therapy among adults with PAH-CHD; studies were excluded if they focused on paediatric patients, did not include an assessment of 6 min walking distance or specifically assessed combination therapies. This review found that riociguat, bosentan, epoprostenol and sildenafil were all capable of improving functional capacity and haemodynamic parameters in patients with PAH-CHD, but whether this corresponds to an increase in mortality remains to be seen. Limitations of this review include the small sample size and variable duration of the included studies, which makes drawing direct comparisons between studies and the study drugs difficult. The lack of large, randomised double-blind clinical trials comparing different drugs head to head highlights an area that is ripe for ongoing medical research, the results of which may help shape future treatment algorithms tailored specifically for adults with PAH-CHD."
"Journal Article"	"K. Y. Yang; S. Nath; A. Koziarz; J. H. Badhiwala; H. Ghayur; M. Sourour; D. Catana; F. Nassiri; M. B. Alotaibi; M. Kameda-Smith; B. Manoranjan; M. H. Aref; A. Mansouri; S. Singh; S. A. Almenawer"	"2018"	"Biopsy Versus Subtotal Versus Gross Total Resection in Patients with Low-Grade Glioma: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis"	"World Neurosurgery"	"120"		"E762-E775"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000450668300093"	"10.1016/j.wneu.2018.08.163"	"Extent of resection
Low-grade glioma
Meta-analysis
Systematic review
chinese adult patients
long-term survival
prognostic-factors
surgical
resection
radiation-therapy
awake surgery
o-(2-f-18-fluoroethyl)-l-tyrosine pet
seizure characteristics
supratotal resection
volumetric-analysis
Neurosciences & Neurology
Surgery"	"BACKGROUND: The role of the extent of surgical resection (EOR) in clinical outcomes for patients with low-grade glioma requires further examination. The goal of the present study was to evaluate the association between variable degrees of EOR and clinical outcomes for patients with low-grade glioma. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis and searched databases for reports of low-grade glioma EOR. Eligible studies compared patient outcomes, including >= 2 categories of EOR (biopsy, resection of any extent, subtotal resection [STR], or gross total resection [GTR]). Treatment effects were evaluated using pooled estimates, mean differences, or risk ratios (RRs) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using random effects modeling. RESULTS: Our literature search yielded 60 studies with 13,289 patients. Pooled estimates of overall survival (OS) showed an increase from 3.79 years in the biopsy group to 6.68 years in STR to 10.65 years in GTR. OS was favorable with resection of any extent compared with (mean difference, 3.24; 95% CI, 0.64-5.84; P = 0.015). Pooled estimates of seizure control showed an improvement from 47.8% with biopsy to 54.2% with STR and 81.0% with GTR. Compared with STR, GTR delayed malignant transformation (RR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.20-0.93; P = 0.032), without increasing postoperative mortality (RR, 0.38; 95% CI, 0.07-1.97; P = 0.250) or morbidity (RR, 1.22; 95% CI, 0.65-2.28; P = 0.540). CONCLUSION: Among patients with low-grade gliomas, greater degrees of safe EOR were associated with longer OS and progression-free survival, better seizure control, and delayed malignant transformation, without increasing mortality or morbidity."
"Journal Article"	"J. S. Ng-Kamstra; S. Arya; S. L. M. Greenberg; M. Kotagal; C. Arsenault; D. Ljungman; R. R. Yorlets; A. Agarwal; C. Frankfurter; A. Nikouline; F. Y. X. Lai; C. L. Palmqvist; T. Fu; T. Mahmood; S. Raju; S. Sharma; I. H. Marks; A. Bowder; L. Pi; J. G. Meara; M. G. Shrime"	"2018"	"Perioperative mortality rates in low-income and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis"	"BMJ global health"	"3"	"3"	"e000810-e000810"	"BMJ Publishing Group"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29989045
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6035511/"	"10.1136/bmjgh-2018-000810"	"global surgery
perioperative mortality
surgical outcomes
systematic review"	"INTRODUCTION: The Lancet Commission on Global Surgery proposed the perioperative mortality rate (POMR) as one of the six key indicators of the strength of a country's surgical system. Despite its widespread use in high-income settings, few studies have described procedure-specific POMR across low-income and middle-income countries (LMICs). We aimed to estimate POMR across a wide range of surgical procedures in LMICs. We also describe how POMR is defined and reported in the LMIC literature to provide recommendations for future monitoring in resource-constrained settings. METHODS: We did a systematic review of studies from LMICs published from 2009 to 2014 reporting POMR for any surgical procedure. We extracted select variables in duplicate from each included study and pooled estimates of POMR by type of procedure using random-effects meta-analysis of proportions and the Freeman-Tukey double arcsine transformation to stabilise variances. RESULTS: We included 985 studies conducted across 83 LMICs, covering 191 types of surgical procedures performed on 1 020 869 patients. Pooled POMR ranged from less than 0.1% for appendectomy, cholecystectomy and caesarean delivery to 20%-27% for typhoid intestinal perforation, intracranial haemorrhage and operative head injury. We found no consistent associations between procedure-specific POMR and Human Development Index (HDI) or income-group apart from emergency peripartum hysterectomy POMR, which appeared higher in low-income countries. Inpatient mortality was the most commonly used definition, though only 46.2% of studies explicitly defined the time frame during which deaths accrued. CONCLUSIONS: Efforts to improve access to surgical care in LMICs should be accompanied by investment in improving the quality and safety of care. To improve the usefulness of POMR as a safety benchmark, standard reporting items should be included with any POMR estimate. Choosing a basket of procedures for which POMR is tracked may offer institutions and countries the standardisation required to meaningfully compare surgical outcomes across contexts and improve population health outcomes."
"Journal Article"	"X.-s. Chen; Y. Yuan; D. H. Garfield; J.-y. Wu; O. Huang; K.-w. Shen"	"2014"	"Both carboplatin and bevacizumab improve pathological complete remission rate in neoadjuvant treatment of triple negative breast cancer: a meta-analysis"	"PloS one"	"9"	"9"	"e108405-e108405"	"Public Library of Science"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25247558
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4172579/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4172579/pdf/pone.0108405.pdf"	"10.1371/journal.pone.0108405"	"Anthracyclines/administration & dosage
Antineoplastic Combined Chemotherapy Protocols/*therapeutic use
Bevacizumab/administration & dosage
Capecitabine/administration & dosage
Carboplatin/administration & dosage
Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast/*drug therapy/pathology/surgery
Deoxycytidine/administration & dosage/analogs & derivatives
Epothilones/administration & dosage
Female
Humans
Mastectomy
Multicenter Studies as Topic/statistics & numerical data
Neoadjuvant Therapy
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic/statistics & numerical data
Remission Induction
Taxoids/administration & dosage
Treatment Outcome
Triple Negative Breast Neoplasms/*drug therapy/pathology/surgery"	"Triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) is associated with high pathological complete remission (pCR) rate in neoadjuvant treatment (NAT). TNBC patients who achieve pCR have superior outcome than those without pCR. A meta-analysis was done to evaluate whether integrating novel approaches into NAT can improve the pCR rate in TNBC. Medical subject heading terms (Breast Neoplasm) and key words (triple negative OR estrogen receptor (ER) negative OR HER2 negative) AND (primary systemic OR neoadjuvant OR preoperative) were used to select eligible studies. Experimental arm in each study was considered as the testing regimen, and control arm was defined as the standard regimen in this meta-analysis. A total of 11 studies with 14 paired regimens were included in the final analysis. Aggregate pCR rate was 37.3% and 44.6% in the standard and testing group, respectively. Novel approaches in the testing regimen significantly improved the pCR rate in NAT of TNBC patients compared with the standard regimen, with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.34 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.62, P = 0.002). Considering specific regimens, we demonstrated the pCR rate to be much higher in the carboplatin-containing (OR = 1.80, 95% CI 1.39-2.32, P<0.001) or bevacizumab-containing regimens (OR = 1.36, 95% CI 1.11-1.66, P = 0.003) than in the control regimens. The addition of carboplatin in NAT had a pCR rate as high as 51.2% in TNBC patients, with an absolute pCR difference of 13.8% as compared with control regimens. No significant heterogeneity was identified among studies evaluating the addition of carboplatin or bevacizumab efficacy in NAT. This meta-analysis indicates that these novel NAT regimens have achieved a significant pCR improvement in TNBC patients, especially among patients treated with carboplatin-containing or bevacizumab-containing regimen. This can help us design appropriate trials in the adjuvant setting and guide clinical practice."
"Journal Article"	"L. L. Abuogi; C. Smith; E. J. McFarland"	"2016"	"Retention of HIV-Infected Children in the First 12 Months of Anti-Retroviral Therapy and Predictors of Attrition in Resource Limited Settings: A Systematic Review"	"PloS one"	"11"	"6"	"e0156506-e0156506"	"Public Library of Science"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27280404
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4900559/"	"10.1371/journal.pone.0156506"	"Anti-Retroviral Agents/*therapeutic use
Child
Developing Countries
HIV Infections/*drug therapy/virology
HIV-1/drug effects/genetics/*isolation & purification
*Health Resources
Humans
Patient Compliance/*statistics & numerical data
*Patient Dropouts"	"Current UNAIDS goals aimed to end the AIDS epidemic set out to ensure that 90% of all people living with HIV know their status, 90% initiate and continue life-long anti-retroviral therapy (ART), and 90% achieve viral load suppression. In 2014 there were an estimated 2.6 million children under 15 years of age living with HIV, of which only one-third were receiving ART. Little literature exists describing retention of HIV-infected children in the first year on ART. We conducted a systematic search for English language publications reporting on retention of children with median age at ART initiation less than ten years in resource limited settings. The proportion of children retained in care on ART and predictors of attrition were identified. Twelve studies documented retention at one year ranging from 71-95% amongst 31877 African children. Among the 5558 children not retained, 4082 (73%) were reported as lost to follow up (LFU) and 1476 (27%) were confirmed to have died. No studies confirmed the outcomes of children LFU. Predictors of attrition included younger age, shorter duration of time on ART, and severe immunosuppression. In conclusion, significant attrition occurs in children in the first 12 months after ART initiation, the majority attributed to LFU, although true outcomes of children labeled as LFU are unknown. Focused efforts to ensure retention and minimize early mortality are needed as universal ART for children is scaled up."
"Journal Article"	"A. Lumba-Brown; K. O. Yeates; K. Sarmiento; M. J. Breiding; T. M. Haegerich; G. A. Gioia; M. Turner; E. C. Benzel; S. J. Suskauer; C. C. Giza; M. Joseph; C. Broomand; B. Weissman; W. Gordon; D. W. Wright; R. S. Moser; K. McAvoy; L. Ewing-Cobbs; A.-C. Duhaime; M. Putukian; B. Holshouser; D. Paulk; S. L. Wade; S. A. Herring; M. Halstead; H. T. Keenan; M. Choe; C. W. Christian; K. Guskiewicz; P. B. Raksin; A. Gregory; A. Mucha; H. G. Taylor; J. M. Callahan; J. DeWitt; M. W. Collins; M. W. Kirkwood; J. Ragheb; R. G. Ellenbogen; T. J. Spinks; T. G. Ganiats; L. J. Sabelhaus; K. Altenhofen; R. Hoffman; T. Getchius; G. Gronseth; Z. Donnell; R. E. O'Connor; S. D. Timmons"	"2018"	"Diagnosis and Management of Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in Children: A Systematic Review"	"JAMA pediatrics"	"172"	"11"	"e182847-e182847"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30193325
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapediatrics/articlepdf/2698455/jamapediatrics_lumbabrown_2018_rv_180002.pdf"	"10.1001/jamapediatrics.2018.2847"		"IMPORTANCE: In recent years, there has been an exponential increase in the research guiding pediatric mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) clinical management, in large part because of heightened concerns about the consequences of mTBI, also known as concussion, in children. The CDC National Center for Injury Prevention and Control's (NCIPC) Board of Scientific Counselors (BSC), a federal advisory committee, established the Pediatric Mild TBI Guideline workgroup to complete this systematic review summarizing the first 25 years of literature in this field of study. OBJECTIVE: To conduct a systematic review of the pediatric mTBI literature to serve as the foundation for an evidence-based guideline with clinical recommendations associated with the diagnosis and management of pediatric mTBI. EVIDENCE REVIEW: Using a modified Delphi process, the authors selected 6 clinical questions on diagnosis, prognosis, and management or treatment of pediatric mTBI. Two consecutive searches were conducted on PubMed, Embase, ERIC, CINAHL, and SportDiscus. The first included the dates January 1, 1990, to November 30, 2012, and an updated search included December 1, 2012, to July 31, 2015. The initial search was completed from December 2012 to January 2013; the updated search, from July 2015 to August 2015. Two authors worked in pairs to abstract study characteristics independently for each article selected for inclusion. A third author adjudicated disagreements. The risk of bias in each study was determined using the American Academy of Neurology Classification of Evidence Scheme. Conclusion statements were developed regarding the evidence within each clinical question, and a level of confidence in the evidence was assigned to each conclusion using a modified GRADE methodology. Data analysis was completed from October 2014 to May 2015 for the initial search and from November 2015 to April 2016 for the updated search. FINDINGS: Validated tools are available to assist clinicians in the diagnosis and management of pediatric mTBI. A significant body of research exists to identify features that are associated with more serious TBI-associated intracranial injury, delayed recovery from mTBI, and long-term sequelae. However, high-quality studies of treatments meant to improve mTBI outcomes are currently lacking. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This systematic review was used to develop an evidence-based clinical guideline for the diagnosis and management of pediatric mTBI. While an increasing amount of research provides clinically useful information, this systematic review identified key gaps in diagnosis, prognosis, and management."
"Journal Article"	"P. M. Bakaki; A. Horace; N. Dawson; A. Winterstein; J. Waldron; J. Staley; E. M. Pestana Knight; S. B. Meropol; R. Liu; H. Johnson; N. Golchin; J. A. Feinstein; S. D. Bolen; L. C. Kleinman"	"2018"	"Defining pediatric polypharmacy: A scoping review"	"PloS one"	"13"	"11"	"e0208047-e0208047"	"Public Library of Science"		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30496322
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6264483/
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6264483/pdf/pone.0208047.pdf"	"10.1371/journal.pone.0208047"	"Adolescent
Child
Child, Preschool
Databases, Factual
Drug Therapy, Combination
Humans
Infant
Infant, Newborn
Pediatrics/*methods
*Polypharmacy"	"OBJECTIVES: Lack of consensus regarding the semantics and definitions of pediatric polypharmacy challenges researchers and clinicians alike. We conducted a scoping review to describe definitions and terminology of pediatric polypharmacy. METHODS: Medline, PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, Cochrane CENTRAL, and the Web of Science Core Collection databases were searched for English language articles with the concepts of "polypharmacy" and "children". Data were extracted about study characteristics, polypharmacy terms and definitions from qualifying studies, and were synthesized by disease conditions. RESULTS: Out of 4,398 titles, we included 363 studies: 324 (89%) provided numeric definitions, 131 (36%) specified duration of polypharmacy, and 162 (45%) explicitly defined it. Over 81% (n = 295) of the studies defined polypharmacy as two or more medications or therapeutic classes. The most common comprehensive definitions of pediatric polypharmacy included: two or more concurrent medications for ≥1 day (n = 41), two or more concurrent medications for ≥31 days (n = 15), and two or more sequential medications over one year (n = 12). Commonly used terms included polypharmacy, polytherapy, combination pharmacotherapy, average number, and concomitant medications. The term polypharmacy was more common in psychiatry literature while epilepsy literature favored the term polytherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Two or more concurrent medications, without duration, for ≥1 day, ≥31 days, or sequentially for one year were the most common definitions of pediatric polypharmacy. We recommend that pediatric polypharmacy studies specify the number of medications or therapeutic classes, if they are concurrent or sequential, and the duration of medications. We propose defining pediatric polypharmacy as "the prescription or consumption of two or more distinct medications for at least one day". The term "polypharmacy" should be included among key words and definitions in manuscripts."
"Journal Article"	"S. V. Kaiser; T. Huynh; L. B. Bacharier; J. L. Rosenthal; L. A. Bakel; P. C. Parkin; M. D. Cabana"	"2016"	"Preventing Exacerbations in Preschoolers With Recurrent Wheeze: A Meta-analysis"	"Pediatrics"	"137"	"6"	"e20154496"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27230765"	"10.1542/peds.2015-4496"	"Anti-Asthmatic Agents/*therapeutic use
Asthma/*drug therapy/prevention & control
Child, Preschool
Humans
Recurrence
*Respiratory Sounds
*Secondary Prevention"	"CONTEXT: Half of children experience wheezing by age 6 years, and optimal strategies for preventing severe exacerbations are not well defined. OBJECTIVE: Synthesize the evidence of the effects of daily inhaled corticosteroids (ICS), intermittent ICS, and montelukast in preventing severe exacerbations among preschool children with recurrent wheeze. DATA SOURCES: Medline (1946, 2/25/15), Embase (1947, 2/25/15), CENTRAL. STUDY SELECTION: Studies were included based on design (randomized controlled trials), population (children ≤6 years with asthma or recurrent wheeze), intervention and comparison (daily ICS vs placebo, intermittent ICS vs placebo, daily ICS vs intermittent ICS, ICS vs montelukast), and outcome (exacerbations necessitating systemic steroids). DATA EXTRACTION: Completed by 2 independent reviewers. RESULTS: Twenty-two studies (N = 4550) were included. Fifteen studies (N = 3278) compared daily ICS with placebo and showed reduced exacerbations with daily medium-dose ICS (risk ratio [RR] 0.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.61-0.79; NNT = 9). Subgroup analysis of children with persistent asthma showed reduced exacerbations with daily ICS compared with placebo (8 studies, N = 2505; RR 0.56; 95% CI, 0.46-0.70; NNT = 11) and daily ICS compared with montelukast (1 study, N = 202; RR 0.59; 95% CI, 0.38-0.92). Subgroup analysis of children with intermittent asthma or viral-triggered wheezing showed reduced exacerbations with preemptive high-dose intermittent ICS compared with placebo (5 studies, N = 422; RR 0.65; 95% CI, 0.51-0.81; NNT = 6). LIMITATIONS: More studies are needed that directly compare these strategies. CONCLUSIONS: There is strong evidence to support daily ICS for preventing exacerbations in preschool children with recurrent wheeze, specifically in children with persistent asthma. For preschool children with intermittent asthma or viral-triggered wheezing, there is strong evidence to support intermittent ICS for preventing exacerbations."
"Journal Article"	"C. M. Baker-Smith; S. K. Flinn; J. T. Flynn; D. C. Kaelber; D. Blowey; A. E. Carroll; S. R. Daniels; S. D. de Ferranti; J. M. Dionne; B. Falkner; S. S. Gidding; C. Goodwin; M. G. Leu; M. E. Powers; C. Rea; J. Samuels; M. Simasek; V. V. Thaker; E. M. Urbina; S. Subcommittee On; C. Management Of High Bp In"	"2018"	"Diagnosis, Evaluation, and Management of High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents"	"Pediatrics"	"142"	"3"	"e20182096"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30126937
https://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/pediatrics/142/3/e20182096.full.pdf"	"10.1542/peds.2018-2096"	"Adolescent
Antihypertensive Agents/therapeutic use
Blood Pressure
Blood Pressure Determination/*methods
Child
Female
Humans
Hypertension/*diagnosis/drug therapy
Male
Mass Screening/*methods
Practice Guidelines as Topic"	"Systemic hypertension is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in adulthood. High blood pressure (HBP) and repeated measures of HBP, hypertension (HTN), begin in youth. Knowledge of how best to diagnose, manage, and treat systemic HTN in children and adolescents is important for primary and subspecialty care providers. OBJECTIVES: To provide a technical summary of the methodology used to generate the 2017 "Clinical Practice Guideline for Screening and Management of High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents," an update to the 2004 "Fourth Report on the Diagnosis, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents." DATA SOURCES: Medline, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Excerpta Medica Database references published between January 2003 and July 2015 followed by an additional search between August 2015 and July 2016. STUDY SELECTION: English-language observational studies and randomized trials. METHODS: Key action statements (KASs) and additional recommendations regarding the diagnosis, management, and treatment of HBP in youth were the product of a detailed systematic review of the literature. A content outline establishing the breadth and depth was followed by the generation of 4 patient, intervention, comparison, outcome, time questions. Key questions addressed: (1) diagnosis of systemic HTN, (2) recommended work-up of systemic HTN, (3) optimal blood pressure (BP) goals, and (4) impact of high BP on indirect markers of cardiovascular disease in youth. Once selected, references were subjected to a 2-person review of the abstract and title followed by a separate 2-person full-text review. Full citation information, population data, findings, benefits and harms of the findings, as well as other key reference information were archived. Selected primary references were then used for KAS generation. Level of evidence (LOE) scoring was assigned for each reference and then in aggregate. Appropriate language was used to generate each KAS based on the LOE and the balance of benefit versus harm of the findings. Topics that could not be researched via the stated approach were (1) definition of HTN in youth, and (2) definition of left ventricular hypertrophy. KASs related to these stated topics were generated via expert opinion. RESULTS: Nearly 15 000 references were identified during an initial literature search. After a deduplication process, 14 382 references were available for title and abstract review, and 1379 underwent full text review. One hundred twenty-four experimental and observational studies published between 2003 and 2016 were selected as primary references for KAS generation, followed by an additional 269 primary references selected between August 2015 and July 2016. The LOE for the majority of references was C. In total, 30 KASs and 27 additional recommendations were generated; 12 were related to the diagnosis of HTN, 13 were related to management and additional diagnostic testing, 3 to treatment goals, and 2 to treatment options. Finally, special additions to the clinical practice guideline included creation of new BP tables based on BP values obtained solely from children with normal weight, creation of a simplified table to enhance screening and recognition of abnormal BP, and a revision of the criteria for diagnosing left ventricular hypertrophy. CONCLUSIONS: An extensive and detailed systematic approach was used to generate evidence-based guidelines for the diagnosis, management, and treatment of youth with systemic HTN."
"Journal Article"	"A. R. Martineau; D. A. Jolliffe; R. L. Hooper; L. Greenberg; J. F. Aloia; P. Bergman; G. Dubnov-Raz; S. Esposito; D. Ganmaa; A. A. Ginde; E. C. Goodall; C. C. Grant; C. J. Griffiths; W. Janssens; I. Laaksi; S. Manaseki-Holland; D. Mauger; D. R. Murdoch; R. Neale; J. R. Rees; S. Simpson, Jr.; I. Stelmach; G. T. Kumar; M. Urashima; C. A. Camargo, Jr."	"2017"	"Vitamin D supplementation to prevent acute respiratory tract infections: systematic review and meta-analysis of individual participant data"	"BMJ (Clinical research ed.)"	"356"		"i6583-i6583"	"BMJ Publishing Group Ltd."		"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28202713
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5310969/"	"10.1136/bmj.i6583"	"*Dietary Supplements/adverse effects
Humans
Randomized Controlled Trials as Topic
Respiratory Tract Infections/*diet therapy/*prevention & control
Vitamin D/*administration & dosage/adverse effects"	"Objectives To assess the overall effect of vitamin D supplementation on risk of acute respiratory tract infection, and to identify factors modifying this effect.Design Systematic review and meta-analysis of individual participant data (IPD) from randomised controlled trials.Data sources Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trials Number registry from inception to December 2015.Eligibility criteria for study selection Randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials of supplementation with vitamin D(3) or vitamin D(2) of any duration were eligible for inclusion if they had been approved by a research ethics committee and if data on incidence of acute respiratory tract infection were collected prospectively and prespecified as an efficacy outcome.Results 25 eligible randomised controlled trials (total 11 321 participants, aged 0 to 95 years) were identified. IPD were obtained for 10 933 (96.6%) participants. Vitamin D supplementation reduced the risk of acute respiratory tract infection among all participants (adjusted odds ratio 0.88, 95% confidence interval 0.81 to 0.96; P for heterogeneity <0.001). In subgroup analysis, protective effects were seen in those receiving daily or weekly vitamin D without additional bolus doses (adjusted odds ratio 0.81, 0.72 to 0.91) but not in those receiving one or more bolus doses (adjusted odds ratio 0.97, 0.86 to 1.10; P for interaction=0.05). Among those receiving daily or weekly vitamin D, protective effects were stronger in those with baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels <25 nmol/L (adjusted odds ratio 0.30, 0.17 to 0.53) than in those with baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels ≥25 nmol/L (adjusted odds ratio 0.75, 0.60 to 0.95; P for interaction=0.006). Vitamin D did not influence the proportion of participants experiencing at least one serious adverse event (adjusted odds ratio 0.98, 0.80 to 1.20, P=0.83). The body of evidence contributing to these analyses was assessed as being of high quality.Conclusions Vitamin D supplementation was safe and it protected against acute respiratory tract infection overall. Patients who were very vitamin D deficient and those not receiving bolus doses experienced the most benefit.Systematic review registration PROSPERO CRD42014013953."
"Journal Article"	"M. C. Ouimet; A. K. Pradhan; A. Brooks-Russell; J. P. Ehsani; D. Berbiche; B. G. Simons-Morton"	"2015"	"Young Drivers and Their Passengers: A Systematic Review of Epidemiological Studies on Crash Risk"	"The Journal of adolescent health : official publication of the Society for Adolescent Medicine"	"57"	"1 Suppl"	"S24-35.e6"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26112735
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4483197/"	"10.1016/j.jadohealth.2015.03.010"	"Adolescent
Driver
Passenger
Systematic review
Traffic accident
Young adult
Accidents, Traffic/*statistics & numerical data
Adolescent Behavior
Automobile Driving/*statistics & numerical data
Female
Humans
Male
Peer Group
Risk Factors
Sex Factors"	"PURPOSE: A systematic review of the literature was conducted to appraise the evidence from epidemiological studies of crash risk in young drivers accompanied by passengers, compared with solo driving. METHODS: Databases searched were the Cochrane Library, Embase, Scopus, Transportation Research Information Services, and Web of Science for studies published between January 1, 1989 and August 1, 2013. Epidemiological studies were selected for review if they focused on crashes of young drivers (≤24 years old) and included both a no-passenger comparison group and some measure of exposure to enable calculation of estimates. RESULTS: Fifteen articles (17 studies) were selected; seven studies reported on fatal crashes and 10 on nonfatal or combined fatal/nonfatal crashes. Studies on fatal crashes showed increased risk, compared with solo driving, for young drivers with at least one passenger (significant estimates ranging from 1.24 to 1.89) and two or more passengers versus solo driving (1.70-2.92). Increased risk was also found for fatal crashes and for combined or nonfatal crashes with male versus female passengers (1.53-2.66) and for younger versus older drivers (1.42-3.14). CONCLUSIONS: Results more clearly indicated an increased risk for passenger presence in fatal crashes than that in nonfatal or combined fatal/nonfatal crashes. Findings of this review, based on correlational studies, support licensing policies that limit the presence and number of young passengers for young drivers."
"Journal Article"	"S. A. Hooker; M. E. Grigsby; B. Riegel; D. B. Bekelman"	"2015"	"The Impact of Relationship Quality on Health-Related Outcomes in Heart Failure Patients and Informal Family Caregivers: An Integrative Review"	"The Journal of cardiovascular nursing"	"30"	"4 Suppl 1"	"S52-S63"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25955196"	"10.1097/JCN.0000000000000270"	"*Caregivers
*Family Relations
Heart Failure/psychology/*therapy
Humans
*Patient Outcome Assessment"	"BACKGROUND: Relationships can have positive and negative impacts on health and well-being. Dyadic relationships between heart failure (HF) patients and their informal family caregivers may affect both patient and caregiver outcomes. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to synthesize the literature to date on the associations between HF patient-caregiver relationship quality and communication and patient and caregiver health outcomes. METHODS: An integrative review of the literature was conducted. Computerized literature searches in Medline, PsycInfo, CINAHL, Web of Science, and EMBASE yielded 13 articles of HF patients and caregivers. Included articles were reviewed and double-coded by 2 independent coders. RESULTS: Included articles measured relationship quality or aspects of communication within an HF patient-caregiver dyad and used both cross-sectional and longitudinal designs. Results of the longest prospective study suggested that better relationship quality between HF patients and their informal family caregivers was related to a reduced risk for mortality in patients. Results of 11 of the 12 other studies were consistent to the reference study, suggesting that better relationship quality and communication were related to reduced mortality, increased health status, less distress, and lower caregiver burden. CONCLUSIONS: Relationship quality and communication seem to matter in the health and well-being of both HF patients and their informal family caregivers. More research is needed to elucidate mechanisms and to design effective relationship-focused interventions."
"Journal Article"	"B. E. Burbach; S. A. Thompson"	"2014"	"Cue Recognition by Undergraduate Nursing Students: An Integrative Review"	"Journal of Nursing Education"	"53"	"9"	"S73-S81"			"<Go to ISI>://WOS:000345263600003
https://www.healio.com/nursing/journals/jne/2014-9-53-9-supplemental/{2e770c03-a41a-4c8f-b896-d19f8bc0c4d6}/cue-recognition-by-undergraduate-nursing-students-an-integrative-review.pdf"	"10.3928/01484834-20140806-07"	"clinical decision-making
nurses
judgment
simulation
expert
deterioration
environment
diagnosis
knowledge
novice
Nursing"	"Patients express multiple cues, ranging from subtle to overt. Clinical cues may signal changes or the presence of stability in the patient's condition. Little is known about the number and types of cues recognized by beginning nurses. This article reports the results of an integrative review of the literature published between 1964 and 2013 concerning recognition of clinical cues by undergraduate nursing students. Search terms included cue, cue recognition, clinical cue, and clinical reasoning. Twenty-seven studies met inclusion criteria. Initial evidence exists of differences in cue recognition between novice and expert nurses. Influences on cue recognition include familiarity with the patient or the patient's health condition. Cue recognition does not necessarily predict presence or quality of nursing actions. International research concerning cue recognition by nurses is in its infancy. Opportunities exist to further the science through use of rigorous design and multisite sampling."
"Journal Article"	"M. S. Weaver; K. E. Heinze; K. P. Kelly; L. Wiener; R. L. Casey; C. J. Bell; J. Wolfe; A. M. Garee; A. Watson; P. S. Hinds"	"2015"	"Palliative Care as a Standard of Care in Pediatric Oncology"	"Pediatric blood & cancer"	"62 Suppl 5"	"Suppl 5"	"S829-S833"			"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26700928
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5198905/"	"10.1002/pbc.25695"	"communication
family-centered care
palliative care
psychosocial support
quality of life
Adolescent
Child
Hospice Care/standards
Humans
Medical Oncology/*standards
Palliative Care/*standards
Palliative Medicine/*standards
Pediatrics/*standards
Psychology/*standards
*Standard of Care"	"The study team conducted a systematic review of pediatric and adolescent palliative cancer care literature from 1995 to 2015 using four databases to inform development of a palliative care psychosocial standard. A total of 209 papers were reviewed with inclusion of 73 papers for final synthesis. Revealed topics of urgent consideration include the following: symptom assessment and intervention, direct patient report, effective communication, and shared decision-making. Standardization of palliative care assessments and interventions in pediatric oncology has the potential to foster improved quality of care across the cancer trajectory for children and adolescents with cancer and their family members."
"Journal Article"	"D. L. Varela; E. J. Armstrong"	"2018"	"Endovascular management of femoropopliteal in-stent restenosis: A systematic review"	"Cardiovascular revascularization medicine : including molecular interventions"			"S1553-8389(18)30489-5"		"United States"	"https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30447898"	"10.1016/j.carrev.2018.10.028"	"Femoropopliteal in-stent restenosis
Primary patency
Target lesion revascularization"	"Despite the development of new therapies for the treatment of femoropopliteal disease, nitinol stents remain a mainstay of therapy following balloon angioplasty. Consequently, femoropopliteal in-stent restenosis (FP-ISR) remains an important clinical problem. Interventions used to treat de novo lesions of the femoropopliteal segment have been used to treat ISR lesions, with disappointing outcomes. Early interventions focused on repeat balloon angioplasty, cryoplasty, and various debulking therapies. Recently, treatment has shifted towards the use of stent-grafts, drug-eluting therapies, and combination therapies. This review analyzes the evidence behind each treatment modality and provides insight into future directions for optimal endovascular management of FP-ISR."
